High-key UP is a gem of a human being

Hey, if someone submits something personal and heartfelt to BBA, can we not tag our friends in it, comment things like "Me" or "Did you post this," or otherwise treat it like a meme and invalidate that person's experience? It probably took them guts to submit it, and if I were to do something like that, I wouldn't want other people making light of my questions because they wanted to meme with their friends.

I wish riley p would ask me out

To be honest, I really want to have a crush on someone... but also I'm probably gay and I feel like it'll be hard too...

Something feels different between us this semester habibi, but I'm not sure how to tell you...

Isabelle Rea

I watched Yerma today and my only regret was not seeing it earlier so I could tell other people to go see it because of how incredible it was. The cast and show literally took my breath away - I was on the edge of my seat the entire time even without fully knowing the premise of the show. Yerma (Erica Alonso - can we talk about how talented she is????) was portrayed with so much emotion there was never a boring part in the play. Daniel Kushner, Leo Tamez, Alonnie Johnson, Sammie Chomsky, Carmen Ferran, Marissa Alfiero, Liesl Jaeger, Halley McArn, Sam Blustein, Roysworth Grant (please forgive me if I forgot anyone) as well as the entire production team, you guys are such gems on campus and I can't begin to describe how impressed I am.

Above all, I just wanted to point out really Duncan Gallagher's genius for directing and translating this show, for putting his heart and effort into this and everything he does. It really is something to be proud of and an unforgettable experience."

What should I do if I submitted a BBA to my crush and he responded with "hit me up" but my self-esteem is too low not to think I'll be laughed at and rejected? Help a semi-closeted guy out.

will Caymus please be my cuddle-buddy?

The real question is how do I successfully approach Brendan Gaffney

wow yeah i'm just having a terrible time this week but i super appreciate everyone who's been so caring and patient with me you're all amazing thanks so much <3

At this point, I just want to fall asleep on Andrew Baker's chest and feel his beard against my cheeks...

Jordan Hartzell is so gorgeous, single?

Lots of guys here express interest in fucking me but none ever seem interested in actually dating/developing a relationship. What do I do - I'm so fed up with drunk hookups. Every so often I'll think I have a genuine romantic connection with a guy, and every time he'll either ghost, reveal he has a girlfriend, or start hooking up with one of my friends. A couple have shot to combine all three! **Is there a way to scout out guys who want more than a one-night-stand/one of my friends/alternative to their girlfriend?** Clearly I am going about this wrong. How do I become one of the chosen who escape the trap? It's really starting to get to me.

I just want Drew Hawkinson to embrace me the way he was carrying those stage lights at strike

George Kubai, what's a girl gotta do?

How do people looking for hookups feel about being asked out on a date? Would you turn a girl down?

cw for sexual assault, coercion, etc
Are there any resources/groups on campus for students who haven't necessarily gone through sexual assault in a prosecutable sense, but have experienced sexual coercion/lack of continual consent/sex that has felt unsafe? It's been difficult to figure out how to talk about my experiences without feeling like I'm taking space away from survivors of other forms of sexual trauma:("

Shoutout to the cute guy rocking the oversized striped shirt/orange sweater look in the Daebak show Friday night! Who are you and where can I find you??

Not really an admirers post, but I hope everyone here reaches the end of college without feeling like a failure like I do. Make the most of it. Learn to love yourself.

Marissa Rose Alfiero has so much love to give, it's as if she had enough love for a thousand soul mates.

Addie lerner and thomas walker are the royal couple we deserve. All hail the presidents #RollKD

One of the first things I did at Brown was majorly crush on Hannah Velasquez. She doesn't know me at all, but damn it's senior year now and I wish I got to know her and approach her!

Long black hair + grey hoodie on the 8:00 flight from Detroit --> PVD on Saturday, March 31: you cute. Sincerely, girl with the lavender hoodie.

Zach Witkin. You're an inspiring, humble (and cute) star on this campus and Brown is lucky to have you. Single? Coffee?

Brian Tung is the epitome of sexy, boy I cannot get my eyes off of him

still searching for freshman(?) asian boy w/ glasses and red canada goose....hmu ;)

but have you gotten to see jennah gosciak laugh? holy shit. i wanna live in it

how does one make a move

Whomst is gonna be in Providence this summer and wants to go on wholesome coffee dates?

To the person playing "Sleepwalker" by Julie Byrne somewhere in grad center. Thank you. Love that song and needed to hear it when I heard it.

Ethan Rosenberg- you are strikingly handsome and have such a chill energy. Single?

cute keith deserves a shoutout!!

accidentally made eye contact with you at the vdub today (4/9). You had a very nice smile

Girl sitting at a table on the right side of the main floor of the rock on Monday 4/9 wearing a coast to coast beer shirt - who are you? You're really cute. Single? Coffee?

Damn yo, depression sucks... appreciation to all y'all working through it.

Girl at Nelson with maroon tights, you're gorgeous

Brown hockey #25 saw you in the ratty wearing your backpack and holy fuck you are fine! Single?

Follow up to my previous post about an Asian girl in Chem 500 (specific, I know). So I'm trying to ask you to study together for the exam this week but you always leave class before I can catch you. Not going to name names to avoid putting you in a weird place, but PSA to Asian girls in Chem 500: please try to take your time leaving class this week lol

Amy Wang, you're cool. Let's scramble?

Is it just me or do others also look up their crushes on BBA to see if they're actually nice and loved by their friends?

Come on Camille, oh I swear (how I feel)
At this moment, you mean everything"

Ayis Papageorgiou and Marios Zacharioudakis are the Greek zaddys i never knew I needed! When they busted a move at Greek Easter, my screams could be heard in Boston!

I am in a sticky and complex situation and would ~admire~ anyone who could help me out! Is there a senior out there who is 1) selling a mattress 2) going to be here at the start of june and 3) would be willing to deliver this mattress to a house on wickenden on June 1? Obviously I would pay extra for delivery and extra extra if you moved it up the stairs of my house. I would do this myself but I'm not gonna be here and my subletter needs a bed! Help a gal out!!!

Lookin for a fortnite squad, lmk if interested

Isabel Blalock: We're not friends (we've taken similar classes), but I just wanted to say that I really admire you! You're a really confident person with a big heart. You're really motivated and passionate about the work you've done in public health. Keep on being you because you're someone who's going to do amazing stuff in the future!

Yerma can like... get it

that ethans bar mitzvah cast tho ;)

Ethan's Bar Mitzvah was AMAZING! So much fun! So much talent!

David looked so fine during Daebak's performance. I was thoroughly shook.

Tag an econ expert

Vicky fills my heart with honey

Has anyone gotten good dating advice from a campus resource? Asking for a friend

orgo or orgasm? why not both? ;)

Darius knows what he is... for life ;)

a huge freaking shout out to the woman working at the grilled cheese station at Jos for being so incredibly nice about my kashrut ask <3 you made my day

Ky you are beyond F-INE

Tag your favorite BDSM meme creator

Tall Natalie I just think that it's important that you and the world know that every time I see you my heart drops through my chest

who's that one asian bartender @ the GCB? i keep seeing him around...

Reed Jaworski please notice me

Cute boy @ the rock cafe today ... hello ;)

Where the Aries women atI need some fire in my life

Parisa, Parisa, you're so sweet
Perhaps I should fetch you some froyo to eat
My love for you expressed in a treat
And after you eat it, I'll dab, hit that yeet"

Asian girl in denim jacket at new dorm party Friday night, you were radiant and hope you found your beer in the end

Can we please just give the biggest shout out to the entire CS195y course staff for being such wonderful, kind, positive and helpful people?! I can't state enough how much I appreciate the ways in which you're all so helpful, from answering piazza posts late at night / last minute, to spending your last semesters once again bushed with TAing (Sorawee especially), and Aaron for getting bushed staying late alone several times to help us all out when homework is due, and Emma, Harriet, Jack, Alex, Sophia, Brittany, Zach, Ben, and everyone, especially Tim, each and every one of you is so appreciated.

You ever spend too much time inside holed up in your room with the shades down? Then you walk outside and it's warm and the sky is blue and this ray of sunshine washes across your face and a feeling of contentedness bubbles up inside you? That was what it was like watching the Jabberwocks perform. Congrats on a great show y'all!

Omggg Jabberwooocksss so cuuute

Frank.....DENG MY OVARIES BURST WHEN I WATCHED U DANCE. are u SINGLE? BUT really... wow

Who's that really tall Indian guy???

the blue room is just not the same without devra

i just finished binging parks and rec and now i feel like my life has no purpose

hey can some lmk if Katherine Dunham is single? thanks

Shoutout to Jack from the jabberwocks you are literally the most ADORABLE PERSON

Jesus Christ Jabberwocks. That was one of the best concerts I've seen...

Everyone in improvidence is hilarious and very attractive and it's unfair. Please any of you date me

 I miss you so much it's pathetic. Come cuddle with me for once?

Weeknds EP- I am shooketh. Ded. Bring me back to life

Shoutout to the cast and crew of Yerma!! It was brilliant!!!

is a sophomore year dry spell a known phenomenon or is this just me??

To the person that was heelying across the main green at approximately 6:30 on Thursday (04/05), I aspire to achieve your level of coolness one day

PSA for all TWINS: Twins are rad, but often it's hard to be friends with them because they are so close you can feel like it's impossible to become their BFF. Often friends of twins feel like an outsiter (you've experienced 20 years of life together) and it's normal that you're so close—but be aware to make space for others. From, a dude who just wants to help

Kelvin Moore, coffee sometime?

To the band practicing in TF Green 4/7 with a lot of trumpets: you were amazing and give me life.

will portilla youre such a gem

To the guy who handed me a newspaper in Faunce Arch and asked me what I thought of John Krasinski's beard, you're pretty cute

tag a duo saucier than ubereats + mcdonald's

I LOVE YOU SOLANA

I'm a cute asian girl looking for a cute asian boy from Wayland. HMU!

i'm grateful for my ex, even though he treated me like absolute shit. despite it all, he made me realize the value of finding someone that really, truly cares about you and respects you. ladies, gents, anyone still suffering trough a bad breakup or the lows of being single—keep your head up. the right person will come along, i promise you, and you're gonna be happier than you ever thought you could be. i know i am right now :)

Nick Goulandris - you're fine as hell.

Princess Devin Ahearn is the most beautiful princess I've seen

Brian Mundelius is g o r g e o u s.

Hey friend,

Thanks for 40 mn straight conversation. I can't imagine I could stand this long looking your lips while u were talking (that's one reason I distanced myself most of the times). I'm not into anything intimate for now, but I would love to spend more times with you as a friend. I sent a message after our first encounter 210 days ago, but it went unanswered. I am writing this post after our second one to appreciate your times and friendliness, nothing expected in return though."

danny shleifer can get IT !!!love seeing him around campus

jeremy RR can tickle MY fancy

Nick hoynes, every time I see you smile I fell in love a bit more

PSA: The olive oil at Joes is 10% EVOO and 90% canola oil. So BBA to actual EVOO

tag your favorite person from the City

frank deng when did you like get so hot wow

""The Eskimos have 52 words for snow because it is so special to them; there ought to be as many for love."" - Margaret Atwood
In spite of that poorly wrought myth, we will try to describe...
1. love, n. A feeling or disposition of deep affection or fondness for someone, typically arising from a recognition of attractive qualities, from natural affinity, or from sympathy and manifesting itself in concern for the other's welfare and pleasure in his or her presence (distinguished from sexual love at sense 4a); great liking, strong emotional attachment; (similarly) a feeling or disposition of benevolent attachment experienced towards a group or category of people, and (by extension) towards one's country or another impersonal object of affection. [OED]
2. love, v. To do all that ^. To do anything, for that ^ is an assumption of atoms.
3. Oh, do we dare? Is it not an affront? We tremble to voice it. ""How are you going to tell anybody who has not been in love how it feels to be in love? You cannot do it to save your life. You can describe things, but you can't tell them."" [Nina]
4. First: MIRACLE MOST HOLY, MIRACLE MOST ORDINARY.
5. The first time you fall in love, you've been told about it so many times it doesn't come as a surprise. You are told how to feel. And yet the warmth. Incomparable. Everything below a myth.
6. To begin with a look, a touch, a premonition. Maybe time must go by first. Then you see if they hold you, if that unsuspecting pile of flesh and bones somehow reverberates.
7. Or not! It could start a thousand ways, with more than one person, love multiplied x-fold (tough, in a limited list like this, to include every avatar of this endless word. I hope to avoid offense).
8. Agreement on the magic when it starts; our hearts beg for the beginning. Why is the heart love's chosen organ? Did the ancients know that love is a condition of our blood, a streaming, warm, liquid-based endeavor?
9. Impossible challenge: find something lovelier than the body, which in each shape and form engenders my gratitude. "The contact and odor of them, that pleases the soul well. All things please the soul, but these please the soul well." [Walt]
10. When I embraced it was a coming home; fire unmitigated, as though every part were preordained to find its primordial half. I am sorry for the burns.
11. Above all the eyes; for to look face to face at that which was created alongside me is a reminder of our holy covenant:
12. Is it unreasonable, despite a textual lack, to imagine that God's fifth word, a command, was "Love!"? YHWH gave me light, contingent on me emanating love. For you and you and you.
13. "What do we live for, if not to make life less difficult for each other?" [George]
14. Some are fortunate enough to experience love from the Parent; this, I imagine, is a love that knows no bounds. Will revise if I can parthenogenerate.
15. No greater Parent than the multitudinous all-Father or all-Mother; the limit, for them, does not exist. Love with the largest capital L.
16. Quit the Kum-Ba-Yah: love is nothing but my organs wanting to enmesh with other organs. Hot and messy.
17. What I love most is a clean, well-wrapped burrito at the end of a long day of work, with a curated, laugh out loud sitcom episode (my favorite: "Threat Level Midnight").
18. You brutes! Love is most evident in friendship, which, untainted by the inevitable organ enmeshing that romance entails, is the highest expansion of our souls. Friend, I will be behind your shoulder, ever.
19. Love not singularly, but communally, for being enveloped in love, to be one among many is to offer our arm to something substantial.
20. Love is not nationalism, not even patriotism; love for the country is an ever-rising urge to better it, not to adore it. One does not love one's child by doting on it.
21. The greatest love is for a place. Street corners imbued with the memory of a heartbreak, a laugh, a night. What is love if not a subsuming, a consummated familiarity with the drab?
22. A long-distance friend tests us; how far is your love? To laze around in class, daydream in the dazzling leaves, and imagine your eyes share this sun. "No matter then although my foot did stand / Upon the furthest earth removed from thee" (Will).
23. To be baffled by your own blindness. To feel all day a rumbling. To melt away the voices and concerns besides that of the beloved. To confess, and to be…
24. Received. If you get here, take a look at the room. Every object, every place will hold a claim on your heart.
25. Rejected. If you get here, take a look at the room. It'll be awkward to look at the other person.
26. Then, if you are holy, watch it reify, and the rush still hits you, but more--it forms you; a rock. Mutual cognizance, respect, support. Now you have found the Other, and you may begin your life together; now you may grow, one with each other (asymmetry is problematic).
27. On a sunny spring day you may be joined midst fragrant flowers; to codify, to sanctify, with the blessing of a hundred hands, what never really needed it, for it was apparent at the commencement. We foolishly count from this day; marriage starts when the hearts collapse.
28. May you be blessed with only one, but if not, repeat 23-27 till exhaustion.
29. मैं तुमसे प्यार करता हूँ | Binigyan mo ako ng lahat.
30. Much, much more than just a spark between people; nay, it undergirds everything we do. To [ ] is to love.
31. Certainly it is a universal feeling, since I fell in love with you. You crept into the cracks between my toes. I am you. You are in my Jell-O, in my skies.
32. You went down to the place we used to go to revive my soul. It was closed.
33. When love has passed, it becomes a timid ember: pulsating limply, annoyingly brought back by dreams.
34. A few of my favorite things: Skittles, my old high school, popcorn at the movies, the long-gone turquoise-colored truck, shrimp, finding refuge from the winter chills. Not to get sappy, too personal:
35. Thank you for your pure heart, which inspires me daily, and is deserving of all love, including whatever I can give. You might think I am your keeper; the roles are reversed.
36. Thank you for being the light of my life. I have seen you from tadpole to frog: I changed your diapers, and will surely lend you some money some day.
37. Thank you for never failing to be there, in the most literal sense. The Constant in my multivariable life.
38. Thank you for teaching me friendship, loyalty. Thank you for showing me what a family looks like, both the one who raised you and the one you raise now.
39. Thank you for teaching me resilience, and so much more. You are the strongest person I know, and the most amusing. I look at life through your eyes, in my darkest and brightest moments.
40. Thank you for being the guiding light; your love, unending, passes through and makes me whole.
41. Thank you for showing me how to live life with joy; and thank you for letting me be there when you cannot.
42. Thank you for your brilliance, inspiring and matched by a ferocious heart.
43. Thank you for your everlasting encouragement, your inability to not embrace life.
44. Thank you for introducing me to the wide world of being a grown-up.
45. Thank you for being the mind that I must expend the least on to be heard; it is always a joy to pick up.
46. Thank you for loving me. With you is my salvation, my greatest blessing from God. Thank you for making a life for me.
47. Home the first, where I learned everything; when I die, scatter me in the Kish, where my heart already lies.
48. Home the second, where I acculturated to displacement; love you more than I know, more important than I can see right now.
49. Home the third, where I grew into myself; the place I conquered with my walks, the place I know like the back of my hand; the receptacle to my dreams.
50. Home the fourth, where my dreams are poured; what privilege, what luck, what love in every hour. May I give back one-tenth to the world.
51. What are you but a meeting point of eternal loves? Is not your existence the result of generations of love? Our inheritance is love; it is bred in our bones, and in our highest gift from the ancestral forebears: our words, who, though made a priori, are skeletons until we infuse them with our spirit, which we decide by our love. Anything you say in the name of love has been tread upon by a billion other loves, yet here your line still imprints. Nothing else will feed your heart so well. Speak; what remains in our hearts festers. Are we but shored fragments? Do I speak in men's tongues? A screaming at the void, the confession that, projected onto the world, yet remains unsaid. If I speak and have not love, a prophet, a faith that shakes the earth; and yet not love. A message that curtails action; we admire, and keep our distance. You do not love; you are nothing. Out there, for everyone to see, your words might deaden desire, deaden fruition, deaden love. Yet it is patient. It is kind. At our best, we are a mere silent medium for that speech; at our worst, we hurt and broke, and we cannot fix. It does not delight in evil. What are We but hiders? It never fails. Twenty four thousand and nine hundred ninety nine times so far (a lie, we skipped a few), have we added, more than subtracted? We can only do better tomorrow. Now we see the greatest of these, in fullness and charity. You are kind and beautiful and worthy of all respect. May we always let you know that. Lay down to sleep, comfortable in the arms that ought to protect you. For I speak in the tongues of angels, appropriated entirely, with love.
52. Always a tomorrow. Always another chance to exude love. In every crevice, every lost minute; with a smile, a deed, a word. The more there is, the lighter the world is. Do it with care, with authenticity. Love as much as you can, as often as you can, as deeply as you can, and beautiful things will happen."

@Box Brothers, a girl is trying to shoot her shot. Please confirm the relationship status of your members so I shoot in the right direction. Thanks.

I spoke on the phone to my mom for three hours straight. She hung up, finally. I didn't want her to hang up tho. I wish she had the time to talk me to sleep, I wish so badly, but.. she has responsibilities back home and even though I know she's worried about my condition and my state of mind and would love to keep on talking to me, simply for my petty wants, because I know she can hear it in the painful want of my voice, I just know it, thing is, she can't. She hangs up and messages me "Go to bed sweety". She has to take my sister to the dentist. That's what I hate. Not my siblings. I'm not jealous one bit. Quite frankly, I don't really feel much anything for them except for an indifferent deference that I present to every bystander in my life. I hate how my mom is so tied to her responsibilities, so engrossed in her daily chores that she is unable to even momentarily escape and realize that maybe, just maybe something special is happening here. Maybe I'm breaking the fourth wall. Maybe in my tipsy stupor I was making progress, i was actually making progress, unravelling whatever stupid formalities, whatever culture-ridden don't fart in public, masturbate in private SHIT still exists. But no. Routine, life, fucking dentist appointments take precedence and that's a shame. I really mean it. Every single time I return home for break, I feel like: ok, yes, now I'm new and improved, a changed man. I go home with the conviction: this time, yes this time  it's gonna be different, this time I'm gonna be absolutely open with my parents, we're gonna be like best friends, I'm gonna break that stupid barrier of formality. Heck I'll even tell them who my crush is. Fuck it, But no. Inspiration, like this itty bitty line, is but a momentary glimpse of what could be.

Jessica Pan when you finger shot in Gashina, I swear you hit my heart

Brian McCrae, your abs be lookin like a SNACK

If I had half as much stamina as Sandy Harvie answering Distributed Systems questions on Piazza, I would be a lucky man.

Seneca Meeks - how are you smart, gorgeous, and down to earth? Like let the rest of us know how you do it

shoutout to the entire cast and crew of yerma!!! everyone: go see the show!!! it will SHAKE you to the core

Breakdancers at Attitude Friday night!  I remember seeing you at CSA and thought you were good, but tonight you were so much better and smoother, it was incredible!

Isaac Sth you're my #1 pick!!! #producer43

Is Jasrine Dham single??

shoutout to all the custodial workers at Brown! We don't give you enough love.

Shoutout to Nikki Locklear! She's an amazingly sweet and fiercely intelligent person (and also just fierce)!

Shout out to the sexy Indian BUDS worker with the Yankees cap! Are you single?!

tag your favorite basic bitch

Margarita's dance moves make me

I am lost in Frank Deng's eyes at the Daebak show

hi hello Travis from stats you have a really sweet contagious smile keep doing you!!!

Vera from the Beta Rho party-we didn't get to talk much but I think you're cute as hell. Single?

Gail is the best, please don't ever change

Daniel Wang, speak French to me in bed ;)

Cute girl at Shiru on Friday at noon sitting alone on her computer by the counter at the high tables, I think I've seen you once before but was too shy to approach with your friends around. Who are youuu???

Why is everyone on the cs32 staff so smart and attractive??

Shoutout to Archibald for being the littlest Keeny dorm

Tag your favorite freshman couple!

To the people who braved the snow to mourn the deaths of the people at Gaza outside the Jewish Alliance of RI, y'all are lit. I was so proud to be there standing next to you guys when you voted to keep going despite the police yelling at us to shut it down. THIS WAS SO IMPORTANT!!!

The couples in Perkins are so adorable

dearest brown pen pal,

i'm sorry. i had the greatest intentions of getting back to you - i crafted a cute persona so many times. but sadly, the opportunity escaped me. to be totally honest, your cute paper, envelope, and meticulous ass handwriting intimidated the shit out of me and is the reason why i had not responded immediately. you're kind of a dick for how nice ur handwriting was... like ? what? are u fucking kidding me?

sorry for being trash. i hope to respond to u before the semester ends......................may we connect........ soon

.............................. abrazitos y lagrimas,

-ur pen pal."

I hope you know my life is so much better with you in it!

tag a CS concentrator who you'd let debug your body

thanks for doing engn homework with me, I'd literally fail without you

I love my best friend!!

Greatful to have Cindy Zheng in my life. She is always ready with a fun adventure to go on, a great song to recommend or a series of movies to watch together. So glad she's at Brown!

Greatful to have Cindy Zheng in my life. She is always ready with a fun adventure to go on, a great song to recommend or a series of movies to watch together. So glad she's at Brown!

I think we might never even talk again. It's probably for the best for both of us but it still tears apart my heart. I really enjoy the time we had, as strange and fighty it sometimes was, and I wish I was a strong enough person to stay friends with you.

Facebook puts it in my news feed every time Lucy Duda tags Rose in something, so basically I'm a Duda stan

Hey, um, Bailey Jones, want to grab fancy dinner Saturday night?

Ruth Foster Isa hottie and I rlly like her

Ella Satish is the besttttt

Ben Insley is truly the man and is an amazing friend

I just want to date someone who makes me feel the way Baja's does

Anish is a certifiable babe. Keep rockin it

I'd be willing to bet money that Owen Russel is great at snuggling. Single?

Conor Sweeney is hot. Is he single? Is he not? Is he into girls? Is he not? ;)

(4/5) To the two girls walking by soldier's arch at night - when I heard cute squeaking noises emanating from your direction and your giggling, I started cracking up because y'all were so secretive about the noise. Hearing me laughing and giggling harder, one of you turned around and pulled out a bright yellow mini rubber ducky from your sleeve, giving it to me with a "have a good day!" You then walked away and the squeaks continued. Presumably, you had more rubber duckies up your sleeves. Who were you two?

tag your favorite poetry writing boy maybe looking for a girl to write poetry with

Emily the CS16 decisiontree TA, You are fine as hell! Coffee after the final?

Person with long pink hair in a ponytail/bun sitting at the BOLT leadership table on 4/5 around lunch time - you are beautiful. I get the sense you've got a good soul too. I hope you're having a nice day :)

To the guy wearing the black Patagonia athletic long-sleeve in the 00 decibel area of the Sci-Li : you are making all the decibels.

short blonde girl in the black top and jeans with the great abs who bough a red velvet muffin at the rock cafe thursday April 5 around 7:30 PM, you are the love of my life. Single?

@thiccboi with silver hair handing out cookies in Andrews on 4/5 - you can handle my business side any time

HOLY SHIT Spencer Darveau

Vicky Center - I see you almost every day and I just hope you know how perfect you are! You're so smart and talented and you sure know how to kill it on the dance floor!!!

to the person playing the violin in Caswell everyday. I like it, it's relaxing

More love to the First-Gen and Low-income community! Students who are neither First-Gen and Low-income continue to take space after the Writing Center closes thus causing us to lose our safe space and community time. Stay strong and please talk to your peers so people are aware of how their presence and actions impacts the FLi community.

There's this cute girl with fire-like gradient hair and glasses who I've seen wander in and out of the Blue Room the past couple days. Who are you? You leave so quickly that I haven't had the chance to say hello.

Sabrina Arezo: you are a beautiful, wonderful, incredible human!! <3 Your smile and presence radiates so much hope and life and I'm so grateful to know you.

Do you all know anyone who would be willing to provide private one-on-one MCAT tutoring at a reasonable price? Please Heeeeeeelp :'(

i love gabe cr and his beautiful doggos, miss u lots

There's this girl who goes to Shiru and omggg. She was wearing a red longsleeve and red baseball cap on Wednesday and a black and white striped shirt on Thursday, girl who you issssss >.<

Heteronormativity is the devil

The Blue Room cashier with a sword tattoo on her right arm - you're cute and I appreciated your joyful attitude

Not sure if it was a Brown Student or. Providence local, but to whoever it was, thank you for blasting "Walking in Memphis" while heading down Ives St on Thursday 4/4 in the morning. It re-energized me to keep studying for biochem

Amy Pu works so hard and is so dedicated... she is going to do so many wonderful things in her life

Vanessa Fajardo- how can you be that smart and that cute? Plus you're actually nice AND SINGLE? Also your laugh sounds like music please notice me lol

You know how sometimes you look at someone who doesn't fit the traditional (or your personal) standards of beauty, and it might be the thousandth time you've looked at them, but in that moment you're suddenly struck by how beautiful they are in their own way? It's a funny feeling to truly see someone for the first time.

To the beautiful human who covered my coffee at the SciLi this morning when I forgot my ID: Thank you thank you thank you <3 I was running late so I didn't properly find out who are you are but you made me cry because that was the nicest thing a random stranger has ever done for me at this sad, lonely school. Have a beautiful day and thank you for being a ray of sunshine!

The BOLT girl knocking on doors who complimented "the usage of space" in our room, you're super cute, down to get coffee?

ughhh where are the artsy anime loving Asian boys at

While people are falling in love, here I am asking for a decaf, iced-coffee with light ice at Starbucks

Looking for that girl in the leung gallery wit her black and gold circle glasses and the black sweater- was gunna ask her  out for coffee but she was gone when I came back from my meeting

tag a POWER couple

TAG YOUR FAVORITE CS32ER!!!!

tag people that trust the process

Tall asian boys

Please tag them all so ya girl can go get it"

Ethan Wold -- you're cute. Bubble tea and self deprecatory memes sometime?

I don't know if this is the right platform for this but I feel as though it needs to be said: To anyone who has ever been rejected - asking someone on a date, making a move on a stranger at a party, or even proposing a casual hangout to someone you kind of know from class - it sucks. I know it sucks. We have all been there. But no matter how hurt or embarrassed you might be, you need to respect that person's decision. Consent is a two-way street. Getting rejected is no excuse to lash out at someone and ruin their week, their relationships with friends, or their reputation. Be mindful of what you say to them and to other people you might seek out for comfort since backlash against the person you asked might lead them to self-destructive behavior in the future (like unhealthy attitudes about sex and dating, or a feeling like they've simply lost the power to consent). This person probably cares about you and you most likely care about them as well. Life is too short to burn bridges for stupid reasons so love your friends and don't drag people down as a method of coping.

To those that have ever rejected someone - I've been there too. It's a really hard thing to do, especially when there's a friendship on the line and you feel like you'll be hurting them if you say no, but hurting them more in the long run if you say yes and don't mean it. I wish I had some sort of advice to give here but I don't. As hard as it is to make the initial ask, sometimes the answer can be pretty difficult too. I guess just try to keep in mind that there are two sides to every coin - do what you think and feel you should do, but do it in a way that is respectful and appreciative of the other person.

That's about it for the rant. I've never posted on here before so that was a little bit of catharsis for me with regards to some stuff I've been dealing with so thanks for reading."

Sarang Mani ;)

Goodbye Grandpa Miller, hello Daddy Stein

I still can't get over the idea that I'm unlovable and worthless because I've never been in a relationship before. Is this normal and should I be worried?

Update: denim jacket boy with glasses was wearing a red Canada goose in the scili....who?

to be honest, neither of us was ready for a relationship. I know we haven't talked since and I regret the way things ended. can we go back to the way things were? I deleted your number so I guess it's up to you to reach out now if you still feel the same way

Max Cooper - you make me feel hella warm and fuzzy inside

I saw Rushil Kumbhani at a grocery store in Los Angeles yesterday. I told him how cool it was to meet him in person, but I didn't want to be a douche and bother him and ask him for photos or anything.

He said, "Oh, like you're doing now?"

I was taken aback, and all I could say was "Huh?" but he kept cutting me off and going "huh? huh? huh?" and closing his hand shut in front of my face. I walked away and continued with my shopping, and I heard him chuckle as I walked off. When I came to pay for my stuff up front I saw him trying to walk out the doors with like fifteen Milky Ways in his hands without paying.

The girl at the counter was very nice about it and professional, and was like "Sir, you need to pay for those first." At first he kept pretending to be tired and not hear her, but eventually turned back around and brought them to the counter.

When she took one of the bars and started scanning it multiple times, he stopped her and told her to scan them each individually "to prevent any electrical infetterence," and then turned around and winked at me. I don't even think that's a word. After she scanned each bar and put them in a bag and started to say the price, he kept interrupting her by yawning really loudly."

To the guy at the gym with the United States flag towel, dude you're killing it and I think you run more in a day than I do in a week. It's super impressive and motivates me to work harder at the gym too so thank you!

cashier at shiru with the piercing on his left eyebrow: holy hot damn i dont even like coffee but i keep coming back just for u. please tell me you go to brown

Latest update on blond athletic (stoner?) boy: spotted walking by granoff in a red rain jacket around noon on Monday, April 4. Surely this narrows it down, people!

Also feel like I am crushing on a close friend that maybe likes me back, but also is  way too awesome for me, and for most tbh, and will soon realize that. I wasn't even supposed to actually like her this much to begin with. Either way, keep doing you, you're great and I am so happy to have met you :)

Orgo TA Andre…single or nah tho

to the blue-eyed boy working at scili cafe the evening of april 2 - your eyes are gorgeous, i literally forgot how to speak for a second

cute asian girl in the scili eating kiwis with the skin on — wtf are you doing but also coffee sometime??

The guy who works at the cit help desk is ridiculously hot!

Hey Paola Vazquez, I wanna vask in your glory

There is a girl who looks like dua lipa. She gives tours. WHO is the the girl who looks like dua lipa. who IS she???? I am in love

Nicole Gehret can... geh-t it

Can someone set me up with Sophia Yin cuz she has a special place Yin my heart

Is Daniella Longhi single cause I'm longh-ing for a date

Camila Rice-Aguilar is muy caliente
That Asian dude with glasses and denim jacket with wool? whooo?

There are 3 types of people in this world - those who are friends with UP, those who want to be friends with UP, and those who want to be UP

If someone with a history of emotional abuse did me dirty as fuck is it wrong for me to want revenge on them? What if I can't discern whether their past is the reason for their actions or if they're just a shitty person?

I am deeply and excruciatingly in love with Emma ramsdell

Hello my sweet friend! I need your help!

In light of the humanitarian disaster currently taking place in Syria, let us send some love and positivity to the brave survivors who are fighting for life every day. Hospitals are supposed to be places to treat people- a place that gives you a second chance at life, but hospitals have become weaponized in the Syrian war, 1/2 of all hospitals are no longer operable due to the attacks. Hundreds of women, men, and young children are losing their lives every day. It is time we all open our hearts, raise our voices, and show some solidarity!

We ask that you take a video where you:

1.     Assemble a group of people from your university or workplace

2.     Stand together and hold hands as a show of solidarity

3.     Hold up a sign that reads ‘#HOSPITALSARENOTTARGETS" from ""your University Name or City, Country""

4.     Say in unison: Hospitals are not targets!

5.     Upload on social media by 4/20 and share! (remember to tag@Avicenna Women & Children Underground Hospital)



Our team is collaborating with SIMRO: Sustainable International Medical Relief Organization to host a fundraiser at Brown University where we will raise money for Syrian a telehealth solution to provide specialized healthcare for Syrian women and children. Our representatives in Syria will be talking with Syrian women and children, who will share their stories through a live stream that will be broadcasted at the fundraiser.

In return, we would like to show them that we truly care and we stand by them. This is your golden opportunity to show support to our Syrian friends. We hope it will brighten their day, publicize the weaponization of healthcare in Syria and raise money for desperately need medical care. Thank you for all you are and all you do! <3 Please SHARE this message and help up spread awareness and togetherness!

For more information please visit our FB or website.

facebook: www.facebook.com/care4syriankids

website: www.care4syriankids.com"	Avicenna Women & Children Underground Hospital

Dear cool person I met briefly in the scili elevator on 4/3. We talked about how the buttons don't always light up and you went to the 5th floor (even though the button didn't light up!). You're lovely and very cute! At the very least you made a boring, painful night in the scili a little nicer :)

To the guy working the smoothie line at the Ivy Room around 8:45 PM on Tuesday: thanks for making my day better! Your smile and positivity is infectious! ❤️

Who is Min Jean Cho dating? Or is she single?

Tag your favorite, future-Perkins-resident friends!!!

Shout-out to the people who started having sex in the Faunce meeting room next to the one I was using for an important phone call. My prospective future employer and I heard some great sounds through the door that connected our two rooms.

4/3 4:45 blue room u were sitting alone and I was running out but damn youre cute

Junaid Malik please take me back I miss you -your loving wife

I see this girl at the Leung Gallery all the time, and realized she's actually pretty cute. The other day (tuesday) she was wearing red flannel and black yoga pants with a black jacket that had feathers or something on the hood. Anyone wanna help a lad out with a name or something?

To the girl with the Taj Boston umbrella--you are beautiful...your eyes light me up. lit.

I am looking for anyone (all standards welcome!) to marry this April.  Wedding is already planned.  It's a destination wedding.  Venue is Wriston Quad with a reception following in the Ratty (Sharpe Refractory).  Must be a daddy.  If this sounds like something you have been dreaming of, please comment and I will contact you via LinkedIn.  Best,

John "Papi" Metz: I want more than just the tip

i just wanted to say that i think alex skidmore is very cool and her work ethic is unreal!!!!!! how do you do it?!

high key in love with cast+crew of Sometimes the Rain, Sometimes the Sea!!!!!

Peter is the Major to my Deegan

Shoutout to shiru cafe, my fuel for the rest of the semester.

shoutout to gut instincts y'all cuz there were a few close calls and phew dodged a bullet. if ya aint feelin' it dont force it

k but Marilyn Bravo? That girl can, like, get it ;)

Tag your favorite RPC/WPC/MPC!!

The boy who works in the Underground with the cute, authoritative voice could definitely get it!

Gavin Petty: you manage that stage

I love how Brown encourages a community of being honest about emotions, instead of just lying and hiding everything, but it's made me realize how Brown has the densest community of people struggling mentally/emotionally I think I've ever been in in my life. It's definitely comforting to have so many similarly experienced people to offer me their support, but... wow. It makes me sad how many of us were forced onto this path towards Brown, or dove into our academics to cope with things or prove ourselves, or came here specifically because it was where all the ""weirdos"" like us were, or feel as though we've never really belonged here academically or socially.
So I just want to send some love out to everyone on campus. Life is a fucking bitch, and I'm glad you've made it this far. I know it's cheesy as hell to say to remember that people are here for you, that there are people around who will understand at least a little what you're going through, but I deeply feel that to be true.
Here's to us, trying our best."

Michelle B is the sexiest coolest person alive. I love this person more than I love most people. I hope nothing but the best for her in her life and I hope she is happy

love to suck cum out of navels

190 Hoffnungstraße ❤

Frenk Dang, yum yum yum, do u want to grab some dim sum sum sum, it will be yummy in our tum tum tum, maybe later if we get to my place ;) you will c.. c.. c..

Just realized that I'm mad fake. I fake everything, I'm a fake personality. If you know me you know I'm fake. I'm the fake guy that tells you we should hang out some time but never hits you up. I'm that guy that plays around but feels like he has no substance to him, because the fake personality I have doesn't have any substance.

What do I do next?"

Is Basundhara not one of the most gorgeous people on this campus???

Alina Husain - single? Or, alternatively, know anybody who looks like you who's single?

Eric Mi will you marry me?

Anything I can do Thea Monje does better and I'm realizing that's something I'm just going to have to get used to.

Hispanic girl from emwool w/ Canada Goose jacket, single?

Lily Hertling is ridiculously pretty and absurdly cool. I'm curious to know if she's single (asking for a friend of course)

sadie stern is so happy and excited and loving I want her to love me

The two asian girls in the Ivy room on Monday night, single? Asking for a friend... and myself xox

Don't allow anyone to make you feel like you are not good enough! You are beautiful and awesome just the way you are.

hi friends, just a lil psa to guys, forehead kisses are the absolute best please give more of them

I admire myself. I'm nice, funny, and, after suffering through puberty, pretty good looking. Go me.

I can't stop thinking about you. Not because I'm not over you but because there are like 20 other guys on campus that look like you.

John Rush is incredibly cute

(Monday, April 2nd) To the guy at Jo's—tall, with brown hair and a red metal water bottle—who watched me struggle to fill three water cups and told me a joke ("why was the baby ant confused? Because all its dads were aunts"): you are nice and pretty and I like you. grace me with more terrible puns, please, they are my Suffering of Choice.

To the guy at the ivy room on Monday night who motioned for me to go in front of him: thank you, and I found it rather endearing when you proceeded to knock down the menu. Wish I slid you my number on my taco order form...

My girlfriend goes to school in California, and we've been dating for about a year and a half now, but I don't think I love her as much as she loves me. She's a fantastic person who deserves the best the world has to offer, but I feel I'm missing out on people here at Brown by staying with her. How do I follow my feelings without hurting her? Any advice for a guy just looking for happiness would help.

Do freshmen ever have a chance with sophomores? Like what if she's a really pretty sophomore

I'm not even Greek but I'm still so excited to get drunk at the Greek Easter party on Pembroke field

There's this girl I really like but don't know that well. I honestly just want to get to know her better, maybe we could be something more serious. I'm just paralyzed by fear that she doesn't like me at all.

There was a guy in Andrews today (Monday) with a plaid shirt, a beige hoody underneath and sweatpants, who art thou

justin lee.. damn

tall beautiful asian girl in cs32– you're on my map coffee soon?

cute girl in math 540 - coffee sometime?

@ the tech assistant who helped out at salomon today around 11. you can give more of these smiles any day

alec brown i want to see dat ass bounce
Kelly Colvin is such an amazing professor and tbh a feminist icon

tips to afford living for a low income/first gen student with an internship in providence this summer that doesn't provide housing? It's just barely too much to apply for a LINK grant. I really want to be able to take this job but I might end up having to work fast food or something at home to actually make money and I'd just really appreciate any information.

The BIGGEST Thanks to Summer Brunoe . She prayed for me when I felt super down, with me not even knowing whether or not I wanted to cry or if I was too hollow on the inside to do so. You do not know how much I needed that today. Bless your soul love. Thank you. ❤️

Nam Do is honestly so cute! Would he be interested in a nice boy (I'm sorta cute in the right light). (Don't out yourself if you don't feel comfortable!)

Is Alannah Vaughn single ?? I have the biggest crush on her, pls lmk! - a girl

Holy guacamole the south Asian girls at this school are stunning

Whoever picked up my ID in the ratty and placed on the counter, you are an angel!

Hello hi. I'm in desperate need of fellow poc friends. My world is so white. Pls help.

Dear Theodosia, what to say to you?
You have my eyes
You have your mother's name
When you came into the world, you cried and it broke my heart

I'm dedicating every day to you
Domestic life was never quite my style
When you smile, you knock me out, I fall apart
And I thought I was so smart

You will come of age with our young nation
We'll bleed and fight for you, we'll make it right for you
If we lay a strong enough foundation
We'll pass it on to you, we'll give the world to you

And you'll blow us all away
Someday, someday
Yeah, you'll blow us all away
Someday, someday"

to Jasmine White: YOU ARE AN ASBOLUTE RAY OF SUNSHINE, thank you for being such a genuinely good person and always brightening everybody's day!!!! It does not go unnoticed!!!!

What do you do when you're a bi dude with a crush on another dude but aren't sure they're gay/bi too :/

(4/1) Asian girl in the Ratty on Sunday evening wearing a long-sleeve black top and grey/pink athletic shorts, what's your name? You're absolutely stunning!

What's a guy gotta do to mingle with Olivia Pritt?

alex fratila is just so damn hot wow! single and ready to mingle by any chance?

I gotta say, masquerading as Cuddle Buddy on tinder has gotten me laid more often than using my actual profile. ...don't know if that's a good thing or a bad thing...

Tag the cutest BuDS worker/super you know

2 seniors that would like some advice:

Can a heterosexual couple dance together/ do pdas at Pride Prom? Like I know it's really important to remember that LGBTQ+ people should be celebrated, so would any heterosexual pda make the prom bad? Real answers from lgbtq+ ppl plz"

Is grant casey single??? Saw him in ratty and was literally blinded by his happy glow

Does anyone know where/how a guy can do drag shows in Providence?

guy on the brown crew team wearing a baseball cap with longish hair who got on the 7:30 northeast regional from Penn Station at the stanford stop...who are you

Sometimes I think I know my friends and then the next second they send me on a full mental breakdown. I can't believe they would just choose the guy over me. . .I see how much I matter now. I'm just so sick and tired of everything.

I'm looking for some advice on how to make new friends. Basically I've just stayed with the same group all year, but I'm not happy with them and it's pretty obvious they're not happy with me either. It's completely my fault for just accepting my situation for so long and pretending it was going to get better instead of working to fix it, but at this point I'm just not sure how to branch out. I'm in clubs, I go to parties most weekends, and I try to spend as little time in my room as possible, but I've just been having such a hard time actually making friends for some reason. Does anyone have any specific tips on what worked for you?

3 weeks ago, I woke up from a blackout in my bed to a purple pot of mac and cheese and a metal spoon next to me. I don't know to whom these belong (it was definitely my mac and cheese, though), but I've been so nervous to be caught returning them that I've kept them for 3 weeks in my room. So, to the person whose pot and spoon I stole from the grad center C 3rd floor kitchen, I sincerely apologize, and your pot and spoon have been returned :) also im single

Jasmine White - you are beautiful and so sweet! I wish I knew you better

Cute Latina at Meeting Street on Sunday afternoon... what's up

Nick Johnston looks like a SNACK in that outfit today.

girl at starbucks at around 2:20pm on sunday 4/1??? you were mad cute and think we kept making eye contact with each other-- wya?

Rose Lang-Maso kun, I wish I could be more like you.

Shout out to all past, present, and future Education Studies concentrators

Recently I saw someone hanging from their feet on the gray metal structure by the cubbies in the Nelson. Can I borrow one of those foot holder things from the gym or do I need to get one myself? Alternatively is there another way to hang upside-down?

tired of caring more for people than they do for me

Anyone have the panini World Cup sticker album and would wanna swap stickers??

i still like you!

Honestly, shout out to the single, independent people! We don't need anyone to be happy!

Emma Norton is such a wholesome, caring, crunchy, amazing person. It seems like I never see her around campus. I wish I saw her more, her presence is very uplifting. Maybe some day I'll get up the courage to talk to her at the gear room...

PAULA LI WHEN WILL YOU NOTICE ME

What's a girl gotta do to get some good dick around here??!!?

Justin Lee, single?

Update: blond stoner athlete boy has not been correctly identified yet :( not sure what else to add to the description. medium height, very light stubble, often on a bike. any of that ring a bell?

Ruby Gerber, you are a great and wonderful person who deserves all the best things!

alright im ready to find a healthy relationship & fall in love. any day now....

Federico Torti you are sunshine in human form <3

Is brown really gonna force me to live on campus my junior year?? Like can they actually do that when it costs nearly twice as much?

if i woke up in a room full of the girls of buxton, i would be convinced i died and woke up in heaven

I wanna have an orgy with the brown rugby team

Instead of waiting until the end of the semester and having meals wasted, I advise people to share their meals throughout the semester especially those who KNOW, though experience, they will have meals to spare by the end of the semester.

Frank Deng, i think about you every night. How i long to be one of those spicy noodles that brush against your lips, even for a second. Till next time my love.

You complained to me about not getting any BBA's so here, this is for you. Great. Happy now?

Aaron Sam it's a shame we don't talk more. I've always thought you were super sexy. My question for you is: are you looking for something casual or something serious, or something casual while open to the possibility of it becoming more serious? A guy wants to know ;-)

Just looking for a squad to brave tilted towers with

Appreciation post for Joe Fichera!!! Hope we can hangout again soon. :)

What is the key to Adam Moreno's heart? tryna get those digits

Every so often I see you walking through the hallways of the CIT and Barus & Holley. I try to muster the courage to approach you and talk to you… but you're like an exception; I can't catch you. Sometimes our eyes meet, like numbers linking, becoming forever binary. I search for distractions, but you are my loop condition; I keep coming back to you. You're the CSS to my HTML and the stop condition to my heart's search algorithm.

Nishanth Kumar, I can't Force Quit you. Please take CS 1300 next semester and learn about user interfaces so U and I can be together. Maybe we can even grab some Java ;)"

Tag a cute boy with a Canada goose cuz i need post grad insurance or a sugar daddy

Just looking to date someone who wants to get married right now

maddy adams is so lovely rofl like if u agree h
aava"

Asian girl who sits at back of class in engn with black hair and always wears hats: single?

Every time Prof. Art Salomon chuckles or says "I love you guys," my heart stops. What a kind soul.

A friend of mine showed me this page, and he encouraged me to share my own story, as it was (in his words) ""the most romantic story I'd ever heard.""

In the early 2000s, I was an engineering concentrator at Brown who also took French classes. One summer, feeling kind of sick of looking at circuits, I decided to study abroad in Paris. My first week there was dreadful. I didn't fit in with the other people in my program, and my classes weren't as great as I expected them to be. I even found myself missing Barus and Holley. One night, I walked out of my dormitory so that, for the fourth straight night, I could order a sandwich at the bistro down the street.

That's where I first saw her. A few seconds after I walked in and got in line, a pretty girl with black hair, thin lips, and the most beautiful brown eyes you'd ever seen came into the bistro. I gave my order, and she must have noticed my accent, because she started a conversation with me in English. Somehow, we ended up sitting at that bistro eating dinner together.

A student at the Sorbonne enjoying a carefree summer, she lived a few streets away from me. We spent almost every free moment we had with each other - walking underneath the Eiffel Tower, touring the galleries at the Louvre, lazing away in the shadow of Sacre-Coeur. It was idyllic and unbelievable, and I had finally found a friend. Pretty soon, of course, she became more than a friend - but my program finished after eight weeks, and I had to go back to New York. On that last night, she lay in my arms, and we decided not to try long distance, but to remain friends for as long as we could.

And, believe it or not, we corresponded via email for the next seven years, sending each other messages every month at least. Though we never saw each other, she was with me through my first shitty job, a countless stream of girlfriends, and the death of my mother; I was with her through her own first ten shitty jobs, a long-term boyfriend who didn't always treat her well, and the passing of several cats. She became my best friend - but always, in the back of my mind, she was more than that.

Then one day, by chance, my company sent me to London for travel. I hadn't been abroad since that summer. I asked if, maybe, she wanted to meet again. I took the Chunnel to France, and met her on a beautiful Saturday morning in a cafe on the Seine. It was the best day of my life, but the worst night - because I had to go back to London, and take an early flight home the next day. As she hugged and then kissed me goodbye, I knew that I couldn't possibly just be her correspondent anymore. The moment I landed at JFK the next day, I was ready to email her, telling her that it was too hard to keep talking when we couldn't be together.

Alas, there was a message in my inbox from her, with a single question. ""Why don't you move to Paris?"" I couldn't think of any reasons why not. I started looking for jobs there, and a painful eighteen months later she met me at Charles De Gaulle.

Now it was my turn to ask her a question.

Elle a dit oui."

Daddy Swax, take me on a date

Josh Amaya - I wish we were better friends! Hope you had a great spring break :)

Any single althelets out there named Will... asking for a friend (p.s. William is fine too)

As a PoC, it is exhausting to be friends with even very liberal whites. Though they proclaim to, they will never fully understand the difficulties that PoC face nor do the majority of them ever seem to be fully on board with pushing for for racial equity/equality at the expense of their own privilege. Concept: just as PoC don't deserve to be less privileged than whites, white people dont deserve more privilege than PoC. Unfortunately, most of them don't realize they have this viewpoint.

I really wish that I could have gotten the same sense of support from my white friends at Brown as I have my PoC friends. It is just so fully exhausting and isolating to be graduating with the feeling that about half if not more of my friends don't fully support equality and equity, let alone support me.

White people with PoC friends, please try to do a better job listening to us when we speak. Like many of you, most of us have thought through our opinions and positions and they are based in rational thought. It's rude to assume your positions are somehow more logical or rational. They arent- they just come from a very different perspective."

Zak W looks like Avatar Aang after he grew a little bit of hair

I'm really sad because I feel like no matter how progressive Brown is and how ~woke~ all the friends I've made are... there is still soooo much fatphobia and it's really damaging and toxic to me... even if people aren't saying comments in a spiteful or purposefully negative way, I feel that the culture around food, exercise, fashion (and don't even get me started on dating) are really fatphobic I'm so many ways...

TAG UR CRAZY LIT FRIEND!!! I need new turn up buddies....

ive seen wassa bagayoko at the bsu and girl can.... GET IT

Love Is A Scam ((change my mind))

Rakan Aboneaj, make the move

Rakan Rakan Rakan Rakan ❤❤❤❤❤❤

What's a girl gotta do to get a Rakan    around here?

(Biomedical) Mechanical Engineer here. The thing I don't understand about the PLME – a great program – is all the unwarranted hate it's students get. Like my girlfriend is PLME and she's super cool and obviously she's a representative sample (n = 1) so what's with all the saltiness? I mean RISD Dual Degree has a low admit rate too but they don't get roasted. I guess h8rs gonna h8 what can I say?

(my girlfriend made me write this)"

I wish I was 30 so Sam Masto would be into me

Sam Croes. Seeing your smile lights up my days. The sea blue of your eyes is only made more beautiful by the empathy they show. Your freckles make my heart skip a beat. Needless to say, I am in love with you. Forever would be too short a time to spend with you.

I just want to scramble some eggs, is that so much to ask for?

how can anyone not be at least a little bit in love with talia brenner

Molly NK come back this campus is significantly less hot without you on it

Is Zach Zola single? Asking for a friend

Alex Cramer is a stand up guy. Proud to call him my friend

Fuccckkk it's gotta be the worst feeling to see a BBA post for your crush that you know you didn't write...meaning now your next-to-nothing chances of getting with them just got split in half

genuinely looking for a group of people to do hw / study with for math 180 :'( i have no friends in the class and really don't think i can pass without working through the problems with people... help a friend out :(

are there any groups/clubs on campus that play Pokémon?? asking for a friend, not a closet player at all or anything :'^)

To the ice hockey girl with dark curly hair who's always in the scili basement doing work, you are stunning

Brown Students for Justice in Palestine: Thank you for everything you do!

spam

Pablo R - single?

Where are the woke boys of color at

Harman Suri can play Nintendogs like no one's business

I dunno, all I'm saying is I wish Bailey Jones and Maaike LC were my two moms, I just would have grown up cooler.

All in support of sophomore scramble?

Anyone heard of the singey boys? Hottest a capella group on campus by far

Especially the one that looks like Jay Leno ;)"

Tag two nerds who should totally go on a date with each other

wow i miss sophia meng she is truly the light of my life

Guy wearing a Nike constellation t-shirt and black Under Armour joggers in the Morris lounge this morning, you're super cute!

Kobe- your presence in my life is such a light during dark times. Your friendship is invaluable to me, and is one of the most special and authentic things about my life. You understand me and support me in a way no one else can, and there aren't words to express my appreciation for that. Your strength and determination inspire me to keep trucking and to celebrate the small victories. I love and appreciate you! <3

What happens when you swipe right on someone you know and have class with and actually like?

I think that Lilly Snell is out of my league, but I would really like to go on a date with her

Anthony Powell knows his way around a joke. Funny guy

Whom was that girl with the good dog on the main green Thursday? You were talking to an older couple and I want to hold your hand whilst giving the dog some pats.

I LOVE SHADES OF BROWN SO MUCH awaiting updates of their hungama performances to their youtube page

I can ASHOUR you that Ahmed is a gentle but passionate lover

Zak W what's your number? I'll call you ;)

is akash altman in the program in liberal mechanical engineering or something? because all he does is hang out w PLMEs, varun, & rushil.

Crushing on Drew Bierle a bit

CROOKED BILLET

Zakunft Weltmeister

oscar!

Jake Channan help me count these SAUCEE burritos

Looking for the dream team surviv.io squad.  Tag yourself.

very impressed by a certain pair of roommates and their mutual love, Hiro and peter just keep doing you

I wonder what Ahmed has been up to

omg delaney williams wassup cutie <3

Becca Wachter you are beautiful and I got a crush on you! but I don't think you even know who I am... keep doin' you though and look out for me in chem 330 ;)

Talia Brenner in those overalls makes my heart skip a beat

Coming from post #24572, is Claribel Wu single?

To that cutie I had a moment with that one night at a party, I am sorry I left promptly. I shouldn't have done that.

really intrigued by the girl who plays webkinz in clps 900 every day

Pauline Bagatelas, I can't wait to see your smile and curls in the fall. ❤️ Brown is in need of your light and brilliance and love!!!

out of curiosity has anyone actually ever been in a successful romantic relationship from a bba post lmk

Help a bi guy out and tag ur all ur bi friends!!!!

i-it's not like i l-like you or a-anything!!!!!

country boy i looove youuuuuuuaaaaaaaaaahhhadkkk

Listen up, BBA readers. There's this guy I've seen around campus approximately once a month since my first year. He's got shaggy dirty blond hair, he's almost definitely an athlete, probably a track runner, and he always looks like he's high (or maybe he is always high). I am SO attracted to this dude. Someone please identify him for me so I can ask his fine ass out. Tag all your friends who even vaguely fit this description plz & thank u.

Anyone going to Anime Boston?

katie chu i literally love you

Brown Students for Israel (BSI): Thank you for everything you do.

Sup Will Cramer?

Inquiring for the identities of the beautiful people driving a gray zip car across the US Canada border into Vermont between 3-4 pm on Tuesday, March 27. We were in the car right after you and found out from the border patrol guy. PS wasn't the guy so chill?!

I'm a first-year but I really want to declare my concentration so I can make a cool email signature. S/o to cool email signatures

Jalen Brunson <3
Mikal Bridges <3
Phil Booth <3
Donte DiVincenzo <3
Omari Spellman <3
Eric Paschall <3
Collin Gillespie <3
Dhamir Cosby-Roundtree <3

If you know, you know"

Who was the cutie singing along with Emma Sloan in their guitar video? They made my heart pound <3

Couple weeks ago I met Peter, Miles, Charlie, and Srini at a Perkins party and y'all make that Bryant-rooted backwoods dorm WORTH THE WALK

Hewwo Sammy Perez

Karis Ryu is such a top-quality person! So kind and funny and a joy to be around!!!

appreciation post for alex kruse

Ugh I have a crush on my close friend... and he likes me back... let's see how this goes...

Shivani Guturu is a beautiful human being

Hello. I am on the market for a south Asian boy. Must be willing to have a lovely relationship with me and accept all my love. And of course bring him home to my parents so they can love him too. That's all.

shell yang i just want you to know that i think you're the prettiest girl on campus!! if you're single lmk ;)

Any vocal anti-imperialist groups/movement on campus?

I have a crush on Eric Komatsu. Senior Scramble?

Jenny Fu you are absolutely stunning!!! Single?

Marin furuyama sometimes I still think of you holding that bread loaf in the blue room and wow I think I'm in love single?

I saw a post on this page that I really identified with and liked it. Then I realized I had made it a week before when I was really sad and totally forgot about it. Have I hit rock bottom?

Shout out to spring break for letting me go to sleep without hearing my roommate scream at his computer all night

just looking to date someone who's already taken orgo and saved all their old material (tests, quizzes, lab reports, etc.). p.s. I'm cute and desperate

Who's that cutie who was in Emma Sloan's meme guitar video? Single?

Get you a man who can use a dragon slayer secret art

If you need somebody to hang out with over the break just lmk in the comments below and I'll reach out to you!

Caitlin Malimban is actually the best person I know.

Sabrina is the cutest damn person I've ever seen, single?

Indian boy with the partly bleached hair??

Ben Styler. How do I express the pure passion that I feel for you? The first time I saw you, your muscles bulged from under your sweater, your confident smile beaming across the main green. Your dark brown eyes swirled like melted chocolate, taking my breath away. I can't bring myself to believe you're single, because how could such an Adonis possibly not be drowning in women? Ben, I think about you everyday. You give me the strength to challenge myself, to become a better person. If you read this, just know you are an absolute daddy.

Anabella Sherman is one of the most level-headed, modest people I know. She never makes a big deal of herself or her talents even though she really is so talented. No one would know that she is an astonishing actress if it weren't for this post, so I wanted to let the world know.

Krishna Bellam is stand-up guy. He has really been a role model since the first day I met him in the curry line in Drews. Even though I barely knew him, he seemed so nice and friendly. I even let him and his friend get in front of me in the  line. We had a conversation and I learned a lot about him, who we was, what he stood up for, and what he valued. Respect is all I could think. Man, I saw some of myself in Krishna, even though everything I thought I was good at, he was better. I envied him in a admirable, inspiring way.

Krishna, keep it up man. You really have something going for you mate."

kate callaaahahahann <33 so fuckn hot!! like a lobster!! yeeet!

Sophia Yin is genuinely so kind and beautiful inside and out.

anyone in Math 180 have the special hw solutions?? a girl's gotta enjoy the beach y'all

Saw a girl at the Ratty on 3/26 with incredibly long, beautiful rose gold hair and a light blue hoodie that literally took my breath away.

davis tantillo has great ears

how can i explore my sexuality without seeming like "just another experimenting college girl"?

Hi Brown! So I'm feeling kind of ..left behind by all of my friends because they went on fun trips for spring break and I couldn't afford to join them ..I mean, I also wasn't invited but I'm going to pretend that this break ended up this way just because I couldn't afford it. Because of that, I'm bored. Feeling neglected by everyone else having a blast. It's my third spring break that's ended up this way. Any advice?

how does one find a nice boy like Alex Adia???

We've been so close since freshman year and I know we're growing apart for the better, but I can't imagine what Brown would be like without you

Julia Rosenberg, I saw you outside of Perkins on Friday and was going to talk to you, but you were on the phone with somebody. You're the coolest person ever and I'd be honored to make your acquaintance

tall asian guy in the sci li basement on the 25 db side with bathrooms in the burnt red oversized sweater last Wednesday (Thursday?), you're super cute.

Samani - every time I see you I get too afraid to go up and ask you on a date. Got any tips to help a guy out?

shoutout to bruno mars for making the best music around

Tag your favorite PLME couple

I JUST WANNA CUDDLE WITH YOU IS THAT TOO MUCH TO ASK

shoutouts to may niiya for honestly being the cutest and kindest person out there!

Tag someone who is into brown girls for this single ready to mingle brown girl

it's weird—you're almost my entire first semester in snapchat memories, but we'll never speak again, god willing. i'll never care for you the same way. and it's all your fault lmao

why do i feel like i'm slowly growing more and more distant from my friend group ahahaha.......

Mengqi is like a cute bunny!!

Looking to mingle with some DPhi bois at Brown or RISD. tag someone from DPhi if yknow them

Cross Country freshman girl that always wears a headband walking around Barus and Holley. Single?

Sara Alavi is gorgeous. Is she single?

Tag your favorite physio bro

Asian girl with blonde hair in the bears lair late sunday night, coffee?

Jack Andrews u tryna slob :)??

Jack Andrews: An Acrostic
J is for Just the right size
A is A firm ass
C is Crazy in bed
K is for Krazier in Bed

A is for Ass-Eating Enthusiast
N is for Not Selfish (Wink Wink)
D is for Delicious (Nudge Nudge)
R is for Rugged Good Looks
E is for Endurance (Catchin my drift?)
W is for Weeeeetttt
S is for Straight Up Sexy"

It's been three days without Daddy Metz and I feel empty.  Physically.

I don't want to tag names because we all have that Piglet to our Winnie the Pooh, that Tigger that makes laugh, the Eeyore that is always sleepy and emo (sometimes), the Kanga that nonstop cares for us and forces us to take our meds, the Roo that is always confused and childish but makes us feel youthful, the Rabbit that is forever frustrated at us for doing foolish things but still has that soft and loving side at heart, the wise old owl who gives us constant advice, and finally, the Christopher Robins who keeps us always on our toes, alive, and together. To all the friends out there like my own Hundred-Acre-Wood gang of friends, you are the most loving and supportive people around. Through times when I am down, through moments when I didn't want to show how vulnerable, afraid, and alone I was, you guys were always there to support and love me for who I am. I wouldn't have asked for anyone better, anything greater. Thank you for reminding me who I am when I lost myself, for giving me strength to be strong, powerful, and independent. Here's to my friends <3 <3 <3

Drew Hawkinson - single and ready to eat some Pringles together? I really like Pringles and also I really want to ask you out

shoutout to all the peeps committed to their waifu

Ben Bienstock is such a musical talent! He's like Rick from Pile with a dose of Mozart mixed with Sufjan (pre Carrie & Lowell) with some like Eddie Van Halen somehow and also Madonna. And the body of Weird Al Yankovic ;)

to the asian girl in chem330 and engn40 that always sits in the back and doesn't seem interested in much, I am interested in you

kayla can irk my k

nathan can source my sher

Lauren can lube my beck

Jon can hag my dorn

Jazmin Piche is not only the absolute sweetest with her bomb advice, heart of gold, and incredible passions, but damn she's so fine as well, girl you're flawless! She can like.....get it :P

Drew Bierle is so cool that sometimes I get a little intimidated talking to him.

The other day I was thinking about how I'm glad that I'm friends with Chris Wiggins. I hope this friendship lasts a lifetime. Thanks for everything Chris.

@themicrobioTAs: how is it possible that all of you are just so attractive!? It really does get distracting sometimes

Amy Wang. Wow! Coffee? GCB? Scramble?

To the person that wrote 24403, ive been there dude. I think you just need to for it, tell her/show her how you feel. thats what I did and we are together now

Tag JD HAM

It's all about the MANI,MANI,MANI

i love caleb kim. what a guy.

girl who works in the underground, you're a cutie

Tag a smart, hot engineer

abby kaplan damn apma star and soccer star and that smileee can brighten any day

Josh Durso-Finley is the hottest engineer i  have ever seen. I would pay $20 just to watch him solder wires together.

Admiration for all those Asian Girls Dating Brown Guys! Tag them for breaking cultural and social norms!! (Love you, Dede)

to the asian girl with long brown hair that sits in the back of engn, want to give me your number?

Evan Chernov truly pays attention to the person who is speaking and for me, that makes me feel valued :D

Annie Phan: heard you were seeing someone? is that true? would u still give me a chance to win your heart tho?

Looking for the dream team fortnite squad.  Tag yourself.

I went on this date with a really sweet guy. Well, he was definitely sweet in person. But he's insanely socially awkward, so much so he's self aware of his inhibitions and openly admits them (which I think is extremely laudable). But I don't understand what he wants, whether he actually likes me or if he's just looking for some attention at the moment. And we're such opposites--I'm extremely extroverted and out there. What do I do? I want to give him a second chance, but he's so aloof and I don't know if that's because of his inhibitions.

So like y'all really be fucking inside of blueno or is this just a joke? Confused freshmen here

Response to 24492: I'm gay and im stats hit me up ;)

Alex Fratila, meeting you was the best part of this year. Seeing you around campus makes my day--keep rocking life!

Jack Saltzman? More like Jack Snackzman

All the mfmmf shows were great, but really loved how Still Standing actually felt like a stand up comedy show! Great job to everyone involved, especially Ted ;)

Kahini is so gorgeous it hurts my brain

Half the time I go to CS32 hours, I'm just trying to get some one on one w Katie Ta. Wow

XingXing Shou ;) ;) ;)

okay but when is Katherine Dunham gonna ask me out?

I made someone a coffee the other day and when I asked regular or dark roast they said "whichever has more caffeine." Hope that person is ok

People on campus over spring break and who want to go on dates, let's go on a date...

is antone leblanc single asking for a friend

#TellPeopleHowYouFeel2018

I'm just a plain ol' looking for another plain ol' gay...

I'm insecure about my small penis. That doesn't mean I don't want to have sex. Someone pls help.

Anyone want to spend the break with me just bingeing all 68 odd hours of The Adventure Zone: Balance together?

how is elyse sauber so pretty and so smart

shoutout to coconut rum

Boy walking down Thayer holding bajas in one hand and solving a Rubik's cube in the other: you are an adorable cutie

Julian Woo always got his orange superdry kicks but he's always got me superwet

thomas murphy - passed you by sayles and im pretty sure you didnt know who i was but i still think youre cute

This is for a missed connection from the beginning of the school year but I can't forget it. To the sophomore girl who was waiting for her flannel in the SciLi basement bathroom and struck up a conversation with me, let's get coffee?

-Obvious First-year girl"

I want Emma Sloan to serenade me in bed on a snow day - just a girl looking for cuddles

You were good to me, and I regret not seeing that

Jasper Miura–we're not seniors yet but wow am I ready to scramble

Asian girl that wore a blue tank top on the bike this morning at Nelson. You're cute af.

Window guy at Tealuxe. Thanks for smiling back at me. Weirdly made up for my shitty week.

So, like, when can I marry the entire women's track team?

Chongqing house, you are the sole beacon of light in the chinese food-less wasteland that is college hill. My heart and stomach are yours forevermore

To the guy in the blue tank at nelson whom I was glaring at for not reracking weights- mb you're a swell guy

To the guy with the purple backpack with fairy wings at the Underground March 22rd 4.45pm. You sir, are one badass mofo. Link to buy?

Britt Edelen is so beautiful

is bharath from taiko single??? i would love to get coffee some time! ;)

Okay I realize this is the worst description but there's this guy on campus with SO MANY freckles on his face and black hair and every time I see him I'm just head over heels. Single?

Guy at the Nelson on 2/12. Need a lifting partner?

To all the people with eating disorders on campus- keep hanging in there. It seems like there's a lot of discussion about other mental health issues, but eating disorders are not often discussed even though so many college students struggle with them. It's so important to know the signs, because eating disorders  can happen to anyone and go unnoticed so easily. Take care of each other!!

sofia moriel you are an absolute work of art❤️

Does anyone know who the asian girl with a small nose piercing stud working at Shiru Cafe? I saw you today (Thursday) evening and you were so kind and cute!

Jiho Kim - I miss you so much. Campus without you for 2 years has been extremely difficult. WHEN ARE YOU COMING BACK

girl with ponytail and cap working pizza at Andrews Wednesday night...zammmnnn u single dough?

Tag All Vegetarians. It's so hard to find a variety of food, your commitment is admired!

Why is romantic love the standard for relationships I JUST WANNA KNOW how it makes sense to meet a stranger, get insanely close to them and then one day just decide you shouldn't ever see them again WHO MADE THIS DECISION like. u never done that with any of ur friendships how u expect me to do that with someone who I'm in love with. anyways I'm just gonna marry my friends and co-parent like thirteen babies i'm so over this

I've had a crush on Maria Alam since freshman year she is high key beauty and grace personified dang

liv is the best dancer i've ever seen

Shoutout to Georgia Fox for being one of the most kind, genuine people I know. You're truly a ray of sunshine and make my rough days so much better. Can't wait to spend the next 2 years around your amazingness :)

hey vishnu,
I know we've gotten really close as friends this semester, but lately, I've been feeling some type of way around you. I just don't know what to do and wish you'd ask me out first :/"

Zoinks wigglewanker.... what up boy, long time no post

Marysol....I would do so many things to you under a parasol <3

Nick Scott is so damn hott <3

Rudra and Snigdha, looking for some more company? ;)

why brown? bringing anderson .paak the one semester I'm abroad???!?

Sam Croes why are you so cute??? Single???

I don't think any of my friends know I have a license to fly a helicopter but I think I should start telling people. Any advice?

Gaia Gerbaka is so pretty. Is she single ?

There's this guy in my stats class who's really hot. I think he's gay but I can't tell for sure. Should I get straight to the point or beat around the bush a little until I can feel it out. I'm getting really impatient.

Hughes Benjamin looks like the kind of guy who you could take home to your mother and she'd fall in love

Nidhi- u looking for someone?

Marianne Verrone! You glow! Constantly in awe

LOLEN DATE ME?

I couldn't sleep last night... I hope it was because I was awake in your dreams.

Adam White go get her, make your move

Shoutout to all my tertiary benzyls out there

Dear mystery man of my dreams,
who are you?
I see you everywhere (new dorm snake party Friday night for example)...
You're tall, wear glasses, flannels, big headphones and I've never seen you without a hat haha"

shoutout to everyone putting in labor to make sure that Brown, as an institution and as a student body, supports *real* diversity

Charlie Stewart is my middle name

I need a full cast album of The Beast of Backward Wood from MFMMF, thanks! The songs have been stuck in my head since Sunday afternoon. Would not say no to an album from Table for Two either. This may sound like I'm joking but truly if you recorded it and charged like $20 or less I would buy it 100%

Cooper Schwartz meme god wyd

LIKE FOR GAIL, NEXT DEAN OF THE COLLEGE

Jaddy Oaddy Haddy Naddy Maddy Eaddy Taddy Zaddy

Is it just me or is Prof. Rieppel absolutely swoon-worthy

Gendo Taiko's spring show was INCREDIBLE. All of you are so amazing and talented!! Thank you for such a powerful performance!

Molly Pearson is so brave and is an utter genius who is going to make this world a better place

Blond guy in the Nelson on Sunday morning (3/18) wearing the grey rugby shirt. We made eye contact and left at the same time, but I was too afraid to talk to you. Coffee sometime?

Saw Ben Vu skipping at Jo's the other day and I gotta say that his ass and legs are damn fine!

Walker Lee is like the least intimidating most helpful engn TA and makes complicated problems seem so much easier. Bless him for taking the time to stay over hours and dedicate himself to helping us solve whatever problems we encounter. I just hope i can be an engn TA like him one day

I'm into this girl but know that she has a long-distance bf. Yet, our conversations are great and I feel like she might be flirting with me? I definitely don't want to mess up their relationship but also feel like we could be a good couple. How should I proceed?

Will Zhao is a shining star

a HUGE standing ovation for gendo taiko! gravity 2018 was amazing and i'm in love with each and every single one of you

Vanessa Garcia is so cool and beautiful in so many ways, keep doing you <3

Brown bois on campus are lit af.

Is katie berry single? She a cutie

To the girl with the red top I kept making eye contact with at the beginning of the "Hips Don't Lie" party, you're beautiful and I wish I made a move but I couldn't find you once the room got full. - Beige Jacket Man

Damn the taiko show was HOT.

looking for a boo to take to pride prom

Any undergrads wanna grease my dog?

Tag the best couple you know

emily wiklund is really cute 0.0

I p much think "I would die for Nikki Lee" on the daily and the world needs to know that and join me in my unending love

Jkennan get itttt

Zander, nice haircut

whose the black girl in the ursa minors?
Call me by your CS login and I'll call you by mine

Tbh we should talk about how Ji is such a daddy

to the cast, pit, and team of Orpheus in the Underworld - it's been a wild, hellish ride throughout the past few weeks and especially these past few days. let's make something infernal this weekend!! (shameless plug: Friday 8, Saturday 8, and Sunday 2 in Alumnae Hall, with free admission!)

Pluto - you throw the WILDEST PARTIES

Jupiter - I don't 100% agree with your dance tastes, but you know, you're an alright king of the gods, Jupy!

James Thygesen. James m**uf**ng Thygesen. Never did I think this tall, blond, fratboy would steal my heart as much as he did three weeks ago. I still remember the memory vivdly. I stood across the pong table, trying my best to flex my pong skills on these upperclassmen. All of a sudden, the ground started shaking. The bass from the nearby speaker began to rumble the basement in which we were playing pong. All of a sudden, Offset began killing his verse in ""Ric Flair Drip"". I break out dancing and across the table, this tall, blond fratboy began to hit the waviest dance moves I have ever seen. I swear, bro, James Thygesen's got the juice. We both begin killing ""Ric Flair Drip"" together and by the end, I did not even know his name, year, concentration, or even his pronouns, but we connected on a very, very deep and spiritual level.

James, you may or may not who this is, but just remember that our one stolen moment vibing out to Ric Flair Drip truly showed me that sometimes, life just makes sense. Sometimes, when you don't think the truth is in front of you, it really is. Because sometimes it is unexpected. And that is simply the beauty of life.

I will leave off this message with a quote by the Migos very near and dear to my heart. ""Higher we go, beg and plead for the Culture."" James Thygesen, you are the CULTURE. And I'm begging for it ;)"

lucy reyes fucks me up

Jo's refrigerator thing, though our time together was short, it was beautiful. I will remember you fondly, you're in a better place now. Goodbye forever.

Michael Mosi do you want to be my spidey man? I wanna show you my green goblin
looking for a boy whose favorite gymnopedie ISN'T no.1

@ aakash u cute!

Rakan Aboneaaj you're so fucking hot and your jawline is perfect

IDEA what if the random person you think is cute/cool also thinks you're cute/cool but both of you don't think you have a chance and none of you do anything about it and then both end up alone

cw: sex

so I know theres this big stigma against couples looking for a third, but if all thoughts and emotions are communicated prior, is it really a bad thing? Because I find it very sexy and would really like to try it but I don't want to hurt or offend anyone. What are the views of Browns campus on the subject of threesomes? If there is a positive view, how does one go about it? and on a related note, If tinder is a place where people can meet for hookups, dates, etc, why is there so much hate for couples looking for a third on that platform so long as they are respectful? --a confused girl who wants to try something new"

when an old crush starts to resurface lol rip my sanity

I'd crawl a mile over broken glass if it meant Allie Reed would notice me even for a second.

it should be a crime that ashwin has a shirt on, we're missing out on what's underneath

WE'LL MISS YOU MAUD

@Sebastian Fleming-Dresser I want you to mess me up real good you big ol meat cake. Mess me up reaaaaaaal good.

Alec Goldstone you are incredible.

All I ask for are friends that will text me back within at least 7 mins and have an average reply length of at least 20 characters.

to the boy filling his takeout box at the ratty with ice cream... you could've used a cup

What I'd do to cuddle with Camille Fougere...

Josh Danielson is fun as hell and talented as hell. wow

Alek Coben: You look like a more jacked Fernando Torres

moments you want to last forever go by so quickly - a sad masturbator

Can we take a moment to appreciate Jason Goettisheim?? He is an incredible friend and beautiful human all around. He is also directing a show and writing a thesis at the same time?! What a catch tbh

Leah Meyer Shorb - You are literally one of the coolest people here, I am so so happy I know you!!

Matt Kuo - You have AMAZING taste in cereals, and sweaters, keep being amazing.

to all my fabulous fat/non-thin folx: you are beautiful, loved, and appreciated!! we deserve to take up space without fear or shame. and to all you "what about skinny-shaming!?!" bullshitters, i hope that at some point you will take the time to educate yourself on why that isn't a thing. much love to ya anyway, tho, because this chubby babe doesn't have time for hate ✌️

The sophomores in Physics 160 though

just finished big little lies. Growing up with parents who were both physically and emotionally abusive towards one another made it all the more impactful. I really want to be married and have kids but I'm scared that I could be Alexander Skarsgårds character one day. Most people would usually say that they could never be an abusive partner, but I know it's somewhere inside me. So I don't know what's making me more depressed, the fact that I know I'm a monster deep inside or the fact that I can't guarantee that I'll be a good father and partner despite wanting kids and a family to make up for all the shitty years as a kid in an abusive household.

Brown students can be high key fake af, but some of you are wonderful and appreciated - RISD Student

looking for someone who will make me fall in love and then break my heart so i can relate to khalid songs on a whole new level

 I wish the TA of CS22 (Neil C) would F me.  But not as a grade.

Is Kayla Kirk into girls? Asking for a me

Has anyone complimented Laura Diaz yet? Cause she can like, get it

riley pestorius you can swim into my DMs any day

Shout out to the person singing Let It Go in pembroke during the storm! You made my day!

Gee Sup, single? would love to grab a coffee with you

I get really turned on whenever I hear Akash Altman talk about how good he is at engineering.

Miles from Jo's is super cute, sweet and nice. Let a girl know. ;)

To the person who was in Dorothy drag at Gala: you're my everything!

@ the wolves.... 46 can like... get it...

I JUST REALLY WANT YOU TO NOTICE ME, OKAY

James Salimbeni is like a hotter version of Timothée Chalamet (especially because he's IR).
Êtes-vous célibataire? ;)"

Suhye Park

max mines I think I have a crush on you and you totally have no clue since we barely talk and I don't know how I should go about it or if I even should

To the girl in the ratty at like 3pm Monday with the bright orange shirt and backpack, you are very beautiful! Wish I had the nerve to say hi

Jack DiCintio has become such a positive, encouraging, genuine person I'm so here for it

Would Miles Freeman want to grab a coffee at Starbucks sometime? ;)

I don't know you that well, but I like you. and sometimes I think you might like me too. if I'm right, please make a move. god knows I'm too scared to do it myself

Charlie Steinman did such a damn good job at the Friday Folkfest Night!!

To the guy in abnormal psych that I always see in class, and every single time I go to the ratty, and far too often on campus to NOT notice you... WHO ARE YOU

OMG Gendo Taiko is the best like this post if you're super stoked for their spring show!!!!

George Kubai is honestly the best and I'm glad that I'm friends with him.

What advice would you give a kind of shy girl crushing on someone who only one knows her through social media?

PW the wolves my god this cast is f l a w l e s s

To the girl I saw in line at the Oz Gala: I told you looked identical to Camilla Cabello and you smiled. You are other-godly and I want us to be friends.

shoutout to the two girls in leung on sunday communicating via sign language! v cool!!

I sweatergawd if someone does'nt confess their love to me soon I will yeet myself from existence

I promise, its not you. I'm just so self-conscious. I have no idea what I'm doing in college—the major that I majored in don't make no money, but I wont drop out my parents'll look at me funny

Talk American boy seeks cute British girl to talk to me with your adorable accent

Susannah Howe, senior scramble?

The wolves was the best show I've  seen at Brown. So real. The characters were all portrayed so specifically and strongly.  Cast and crew should really be so proud.

Grace Gagnon is a dancing queen

Dude at Jos today with red water bottle with red Dave's sticker??

Girl with the Germany USA water bottle at the CIT?

Peter Goldman - you're fucking hilarious, man. You could do stand-up or something.

Charlie Steinman is the funniest coolest smartest person in the history of the universe like studying history doesn't make sense because he eclipses everyone that has existed previously that is all

Daniel Park has calves of a pornstar.

D'mitri, I want your toes as much as you want mine <3

Luke Eller - tryna do neck exercises with me? Hmu

Hey everyone, I'm so excited to announce my new dating site for PLMEs. It's called PLMEET and it launches next Friday! Like and share

Every time I hug you, I just dont want to let go. Lets cuddle

Zak Wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww

It's not fair that literally every single one of the Mande TAs gets to be both so attractive and such goddamn incredible dancers.

i'd like to echo #24000's sentiments: Jennifer Bui is the greatest

Person who wrote the Iraq War article for the Brown Noser... Do you wanna grab coffee and talk about the illegality of US airstrikes in Syria or get married tonight?

To those who are upperclassmen but still feel disconnected from the community, to those who can't get themselves to go to a party or a get-together, to those who suffer silently wanting to make new/more friends but feel that it is impossible,  you are amazing and I wish everyone could see. You are still a crucial part of the community no matter what, and there are people out there who would love to be your friends : )

Haley Mander has GREAT dimples. 10/10

S/O to LETS, Stef, its members, and its leadership team. Some of the best people I have ever met. So welcoming and eager to help the community even when dealing with their own problems. I look up to them and simply want to thank them for their dedication and empathy. You guys deserve more credit for your strength and hard work. <3

I would let Duke DiEugenio slice my nipples off

i want christian's dick so bad

Gendo Taiko makes my heart go doko doko doko

Sotiris is adorableness personified

shoutout to everyone who is convinced that any bba post about them is fake. you probably won't believe this post is about you.

Becca BG your laugh is AMAZING :P

reminder that just because someone is not vocal about their mental health issues should not lead to the assumption that they are mentally stable
the least you can do is be there for all those you care about"

Um hello, where are the Brown Derby Boys at??? I miss you

I don't know if you are a Brown student or not, but just in case--thank you so much to the guy who picked my credit card off the ground and gave it back to me when I dropped it at Chipotle! That was really nice of you. :)

Guy asks me out, seems socially awkward, perhaps doesn't realize I'm into him...you're much more than your social awkwardness! Give this sweet girl a chance, man. Don't stand me up!

lauren reischer, you don't know this, but I want you. I would've asked you out already but it's a bad time for me right now (lame, I know) and I feel bad asking you to wait....but please wait for me

i have a friend-crush on sam bailey

MAKE A MOVE ok lbr it's March and the semester is halfway over. Go up to that person you think is cute! Reach out to the past hookup! Message someone! If not now, when???

TA Halpern ~ suh dude ;)

Savannah. Savannah. SAVANNAAAAHHHHH

Orly Mansbach, you single?

When a girl asks a "nice guy" to no longer talk to her, and he actually does, he's actually a nice guy (the fun fact is that they seldom do).

Anthony Derita... moo baby moo ;)

Wrong side of the bed? Nah. I want to wake up on the Haley Wong side of the bed!

Happy birthday Pia! You're very talented and funny and reeeaaaaaally cute!

To the girl in the blue pants at the Nelson around 6 today (3/6), your butt is goals

Asian boy with denim jacket in Politics of Russia ... I couldn't see your face but you were beautiful from behind <3

tag your favorite intramural hockey champs

I want Aanya Parikh to wife me up

Jonathan Weisskoff, I am turned on by how active in class you are. I am a pure Jewish woman looking for a good time in prayer!

I'm far too shy to say this in person but Amanda Morel is incredibly attractive

will schor you're cute asf

Not sure how many gay guys on here use Grindr or other online apps, but do any of you think that it can be an extremely toxic environment? As a gay, minority male, I have to say that some of the things guys in my so-called "community" have said to me are just plain cruel and sometimes racist. When I finally built up the courage to express my sexuality, I thought that it would be exhilarating, and that my community would welcome me, but based on my current experiences, I am beginning to wonder how open and inviting this community really is...

the girl and guy at the science/society table this morning...y'all are cute sign me up

Jasmine Ngai!!! I think you are really cute! Coffee sometime? ☕️

Is viktor ladics cuffed because DAMN id like some

Guy with the beard with the hat in the India crisis room... come at me daddy

Darius can be my daddy any day

Thank you to the Jo's worker for giving us extra tater tots.

To all those people who just started a new extracurricular activity this semester! You can do it!!

Always doing java java, but all I wanna do is shava shava- indian cs concentrator confession

Kaitlyn Cook single???

Sometimes I worry that words are all I have

Is Jessica Dai single?

it won't be the same anymore, but thank you for what once was

Stella Lee!! Beautiful face, beautiful soul <3

Tyco and Hannah are the cutest couple I've seen

shoutout to vafa for having the guts to play middle eastern and indian music at his bday rager at buxton!!! especially the shadia mansour (free palestine!)

I like how Jared Sanchez isn't just a snacc but a NICE snacc

karine liu is a ray of sunshine

Kinda wanna commit unit-cest because then they'd be right there, like the convenience is tempting

Alex Rothberg is so cute. Single?

I thought I'd given up but you make me believe in falling in love again

I'm gonna NUTTTT

My type is Brendan Gaffney's legs in his short shorts every day

Lucy Duda could be my zaddy any time

Maaike L-C, oh my good lordy lord

kat zeven's smile

I wish Zaddy Metz would swipe me into the Ratty, I'd show him my plantains

Cristina Santos makes my heart flutter <3

Let's take a moment to appreciate the colored women on campus; they are underappreciated, judged and are pushed to fulfill beauty standards that don't represent them but still carry on effortlessly and with flying colors. To all of you, I appreciate that we are here for one another.

In no way is this supposed to seclude anyone from any other race or gender but is just a reminder of the respect we should give these glorious beings."

Y'all are really sleeping on Kriyana. She literally will drop whatever she is doing to help you with homework, listen to you, give you support, hang out...and yet she is still killing it. We love you, Kri!

Benjamin Styler, you're a hunk, single?

SCIENTIFIC FACT: The first girl/girl you liked/crushed on freshmen year will be your wife/husband. If they were on the same hall as you, the odds double. Tag some soon-to-be happily married couples!

Camille Fougere can Fou-get it

NOTE FOR ALL PROFESSORS: I'm going to be 100% real with you. I'm a hot PLME, and doing work (exams, papers, homework, etc) is just a HUGE TURN OFF. Not only does it taste gross, it's grimy and creasy

dear calvin,
i love your hair"

ok not exactly an admirer's post but I got SEAS housing assignment and it's Grad Center C? And I'm a little scared? I'll admire anyone who can help me

I believe in Caroline sprague as much as I believe in love, humanity and circles

Forever impressed with jack brook's writing

Beth Clifton you're gorgeous. Want to grab coffee sometime?

Dmitri--are you single and ready to mingle?

does anyone know if Timothy Meuller-Harder is into guys

Galen Hu, please serenade me with your prodigious piano skills. I love it when you play Claire de lune when I'm walking through olney after a long day.

prof. Laura w. is a unique solution, row-reduced invertible snack! stylish af and the best math prof at brown.  sign me up for extra office hours.

daddy shamil makin linear into snacctime

shoutout to Lily Edgerton for being quite possibly my favorite human in this beautiful planet. She's pretty neat----would recommend meeting.

appreciation post for a golden beam of sunshine named Angela Cheng your smile makes my day!

Veronica Sadler, ran into you on campus a couple of times in the last week and I wouldn't mind getting to know ya - tall boy with the black hair

Arthur Chen i want to be your daddy

NOTE FOR ALL GUYS: I'm going to be 100% real with you. I'm a hot girl, and being a guy is a huge turn off.
NOTE FOR ALL GIRLS: Where are all my hot lesbians at?"

Kristin Howell has the best laugh in the world, it's so contagious and lovely omg

Alyssa Rust makes me wish I never got the Tetanus shot.

does anyone know if Neil Sehgal is single? Tryna smash on the dl

why is it so hard to find myself a hypebae on this doc marten looking-ass campus. please make my search easier and tag someone who'll be the hypebae to my hypebeast

shoutout to everyone on this campus who didn't go to private school and especially people who went to shittier public schools.  we deserve to be here and we don't need to be ashamed of the fact that we didn't come here as prepared as some other people.

NOTE FOR ALL GIRLS: I'm going to be 100% real with you. I'm a hot guy, and smoking (weed, cigs, vapes, etc) is just a HUGE TURN OFF. Not only does it taste gross, it's grimy and creasy

Appreciation to Katie O' Leary that ray of sunshine. I dont know how you manage to pursue engineering, be an athlete, and look gorgeous round the clock

John Metz is my dream goth bf

NOTE FOR ALL WEEDS: I'm a 100% girl and a Juul, and got OFF girling (Hot and Grimy Gross) TURN is also etc.!! Not only taste vape cigs, its creasy.

Divya Mehta, why you gotta graduate?

Kevin Xiang may be short, but he's tall where he needs to be ;)

Girl in the slippers, sweatpants, and white Patagonia in Andrews at 1am on Tuesday night. You're cute af, who you be?

Sindu sriram? More like sindura talankacita

Elliot lehrer? More like elio let's eat a peach together

I miss bcho1 on piazza :(

keenan line is FIIINNNNEEEE <3 <3 <3

Allie Doyle, I seriously got so much respect for you girl

Adam White,

Ever since I laid eyes on you on this campus, I have done all that I can to make you notice me. Every class, every party, every time I try to get your attention, you just can't see me. Your so tall, and your head is high in the clouds talking with your other tall hot buddies at DTAU. I can't stand it. At the last DTAU party I pinched you in so many places to try to get your attention, but you just couldn't notice. I would change everything about myself to be with you. You are so hot.

Wanna get snuggly and pluck my Canada Goose???"

Are there any spaces/groups on campus for internationals who aren't into Buxton culture?

Rashi is gorgeous I'd ask her to get coffee with me but she's probably doing CS

Jasrine's yellow sweater is brighter than the sun this Tuesday

I'm glad we didn't end up dating when we met 5 months ago, because then I would never have been able to get to know you fully and fall in love with who you really are

Small piece of advice for people with significant others: don't let someone else demand from you the same love and support you give to your s/o, and don't give it to them, because it'll really make your s/o feel neglected, shitty, not needed, and feeling like they don't want to burden you with more. Sorry for this dramatic and negative post, BBA! Feel free not to post this if its too negative. <3 I needed somewhere to vent my thoughts, because my s/o can't seem to listen to my problems at this present moment because of that 'someone else'.

Sometimes I think about Bella Catten and go ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)

It's a crying shame, if you would think the same

A boy like me's just irresistible

Shouts to everyone who says "thank you" twice when you hold the door for them twice in a row e.g. the glass doors in Faunce! Weird if you do, weird if you don't, might as well be nice

Kyra Hu I wished we talked more because every time we do you brighten up mi day!

Searching for the bad boy that I've always dreamed of. Please @ your fave boys with troubled pasts/bad habits/dark secrets they're ready to tell me but only late at night, super duper cryptically. Okay thanks.

katya schwiegershausen is not only adorable, but incredibly smart and strong! what! a! catch!

going to be honest, I'm a handsome senior looking for a best friend or girl who I can rely on and trust to always be there for me to cuddle with on a Saturday morning and watch Star Wars, on a day anywhere from 60-80 degrees

to the girl that I saw on the main green Tuesday afternoon wearing the gray top, jeans, and bright red jacket - you're straight up beautiful and I wish I told you that yesterday

Professor Pober makes Astronomy so cool and interesting

Jane bradley youre hot as hell

... the people on this campus..... are so fit...

I miss you even though I know you don't miss me... I'll always want the best for you.

Is Lucy Duda available or is she in a committed relationship with Blueno?

I really like good running form.

I wish Michael Mosi would wrap his muscular arms around me !!

Michael Mosi, I saw you in the Blue Room the other day and I can't stop thinking about you, hmu

michelle ur awesome

maddie stearns you are a s n a c c

Look honey if you don't get turned on by the sound of bagpipes I don't think we can be together

@everyone
Valentine's Day has passed, and I just wanted to remind you that >you are loved!!< no matter what day of the year! You are precious and you are LOVED!!
Have a nice day! :)"

Lizzy Wang looking fine af on her birthday

Gooby Xu you are the finest of all the goobs.

this is a jolly hello (привет!) to all of you who study russian. as a wise senior once said, "i love slavic studies"

Tag someone who will make it through CS16 this semester

the mom from vsa cultural show was poppin hmu

just an artsy girl looking for an artsy boi

Is it just me or are boys wearing an EMS uniform 100X as DELICIOUS

To the indian couple I saw working together in the CIT yesterday and today - just wanted to say you guys are so adorable

Daniela Wiepert slayed my heart at the fusion show tonight.

GIRL DOING DEADLIFTS IN THE NELLY YOURE PERFECT

JACOB CADER. That jawline, those eyes! WOOF

even though your missing me is conditional, i'll always be there... just like you have been and still are here for me

so i'm from risd but i saw this rly cute guy at the gym today on a treadmill in a red tank/muscle tee around 1:30? i just wanna say you're v attractive and i'm single

I'm SCREAMINGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG i just want to be loved

James Lee every time I see you in the ivy room my heart warms

I want Kevin Xiang to fuck me with his longboard

Daniella Balarezo is so hot/smart/funny/cool! Pay attention to me, Daniella!

112269- gaia gerbaka let me have your babies

I love Ava Holl more than I love Chicken Parm

Looking for the April Ludgate to my Andy Dwyer

Sometimes I feel like it's so difficult. Finding someone whom you really like is one thing, but finding the courage to ask that someone out – to be available to them on more than just a physical level but on a level that implies emotional vulnerability, one that assumes a certain amount of sacrificing your feeling comfortable alone with only feeling complete in the company of that someone – that shit is hard. Sure there's someone that I imagine I might really enjoy being with, yet figuring out if that's the case or not requires that I make myself dependent on them, requires that whenever they text me my heart flutters and whenever they don't, it wishes it did. How do I find someone with whom I can really say I feel "loved" without being hurt in the process as I have so often been before?

Zoe Weiss is such a nice jewish girl, wow.

Sam Croes thanks for helping me with linear! you're a real one

Jimmy Damore is a fineapple

Cat the new(ish) spin instructor is such a cutie and such an encouraging person! I think I might start going to spin again!!

Yue Zhang is the best, most loving person in the world!!!! <3

To the cute, blonde girl wearing pink this Thursday (22) that goes often to Nelson around 7 AM - coffee sometime?

Ashley Yuan is a wholesome bundle of adorable I love her

i'm just tryna get laid tbh, hmu

CS18 TAs are truly angels. thank u for answering my 10029383627 piazza questions. love u

Sylvia Ren is an icon

The saddest thing is when after four years you finally get an admirer's post but no one likes it, reacts to it, or tags in it ...

You kept saying you'd miss me, but I'd be surprised if that's true. But what if I miss you?

Ben Hayslett is cute...

Asian girl with curly shoulder-length hair, glasses, and red hoody eating a salad at Jos just past 10 pm Wednesday: you are super cute

To the tall skinny boy in Timberlands working on the CNC in the BDW, hot damn!

Even if you saw me you probably wouldn't recognize me, but you deserve to be admired. Samantha, you looked stunning today in that grey dress and your hair was literally shining in the sun. Hope you have a great day :)

Asli Sahin you have a beautiful smile :) Would love to get to know you better...

Daniel Ritter

3 Latinos walking by the arch in Simmons quad at around 5:50 pm, one with a bike. WHO R U ?!? Repórtenseeeee

This one goes out to the one I love (the Blue Room)

I miss Ly :(

zloery! It was so good to see you again! Enjoy the warm weather :)

Everyone deserves to know that Ben Navetta is simply the best. He's so good. I hope he gets everything he ever tries to achieve. Great guy, 10/10

Susan Liu, if you're not the absolute cutest

Filippo Zinni, look at me with your beautiful eyes and feed me pasta. Va bene?

Michael B. Jordan HAVE MY BABIES

Riya Kothari,
be my badgalriri??"

Nurs Sulei, what a cutie! wonder if you'd wanna go out with me some time

Philip Xu looks cute in glasses

@23164 I am a senior guy about to graduate who has never kissed anyone either. Just want to let you know you are not alone.

WOW i hope liesl has a happy birthday

I wish I had the motivation to show as much work on my APMA assignments as Ashwin (PLME?) does.

Listen to me, I love you!!! I know, I have a certain reputation, that I take nothing seriously, due to mistakes I had made months ago... I will prove, that I am a different person.

Olivia Spaulding your blonde hair is beautiful. idk if you ever see me but I hope you do... single?

Pottery girl at CSA was mad cute and hella fine!  Wish I could learn how to do pottery from her

Yo is Zaphod Beeblebrox single!?

William McNelis is so sexy

fr fr i'm just a lil humanities bitch lookin for a PAWprints daddyy

This one goes out to Viet Nguyen! Even though you've graduated, I really admire the work that you've done especially for FLi students. I wish we can be friends too because you seem like an amazing person!

Any single Derbies out there?

Shout out to Rinnie, you're super cute and I'd like to get to know you better.

Ayleen Sanchez is an angel

Zak Worcestershire is pretty hot tbh

To the Brown Wresting team member wearing Andrew Christian in the gym: Hey there

Cristina Santos es tan hermosa

isabelle doyle -- just, wow

Every time I bump into Katie Hay, I'm reminded that she's hands-down the cutest girl on campus

Omg! Dude working at Jo's at the salad bar on Saturday night with the blue shirt was so hot! I was definitely flirting with you. -The girl in the flannel with the curly hair

To the person playing in the ruth simmons quad snow at around 12:30am on Sunday night: I saw you playing in the snow and fall and slide down the small hill and then make a snow angel (?) at the bottom. You got up right as more people starting walking there and then you left. You probably will not see this but this kind of made my night.

joanna podias is hot, PSA

Ethan Sattler :)))

When you write a post to honour Lina Sim (@23152) and you accidentally misspell her name... TT___TT Lina I'm sorry - forgive me?

Shoutout to the TV in the back corner of Jo's. One day you will be used, I promise.

Is there an a-sexual community here on campus? I'm starting to think I really might be

Will Zhao,

You are without a shadow of a doubt the kindest man I've ever met. You inspire me every day to aspire to be more than I am and likely ever will be. I know life is rough sometimes, but you are amazing, and you are one of the few people I can say is an unmitigated positive force on this Earth. You're not just one in a million, you're one in a galaxy. You rock buddy, and happiness is gonna come to you, because you deserve it, and this world runs on stories, and your story will have a happy ending. Kindness on your legendary level pays back buddy. <3 Not only are you kind, you are superbly talented at a frankly ridiculous number of things Mr. Smash Bros Artmaster McMartialArtist, so yeah, you're pretty impressive buddy.

TL;DR: ALL YALL OTHER FOLKS SLEEPING ON WILL ZHAO HE IS SUCH A CUTIE LOOK HIM UP AND MATCH WITH HIM HE FINNA BE THE NEXT ELON MUSK

<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3
<3

Love ya buddy <3"

guz kmetz you are a sweet potato in a world full of yams

I'd swipe right on Elrod ;)

Who's the qt with the gray "Microsoft dad" shirt?

guy working at blue room saturday morning/afternoon at the left register, you're adorable and seem so wholesome

Mack, Matthew, Misha, and Jake are the most amazing heads of IFF. When Mackenzie and Matthew graduate, Sasha Pinto and Katya Stambler would literally rule Ivy Film Fest. plus with they're film connections, organization,  and party throwing (and uh amazing fashion) they would be beyond incredible.

Hey Lizzy Schmidt, did you know that the red-footed tortoise from South America clucks like a chicken?

Why are people sleeping on Shoham Benmelech hello???

This is an admirers post for all the people who call their senators and reps after senseless gun violence and tragedies. Keep it up!! It's an easy time investment that can make a huge difference.

Kenny Peluso, what's your type? (tryna figure out if I would make the cut)

Alex Walsh, you are a beautiful tropical fish - smart as a whip and cool under pressure.

I saw Daniel Yang helping out freshmen at the SciLi Mezz. Single?

only smiles when Lauren is around

To the girl with three earrings in one of her ears at Jos who makes salads: you're beautiful

All I want in life is for Lina Sin, the goddess, to notice me

Asian dude in the blue/white/green shirt at the Nelson at 6 on Valentine's Day ... who

Viknesh Kasthuri, I saw you eating a pho bowl in Andrews.
Single?"

Where are the girls here who love Samoyed dogs? (aka Shoobies?) I might say "Looking for a girl who's as cute as a Samoyed dog," but there's probably no such thing.

Maria Salameh is one of the cutest, nicest, and all-around coolest people I know. Single?

Where are all the Fire Emblem fangirls at Brown who I can build an S-support with?

Thank you harmonica man for existing and bringing me music on dull days

davis tantillo is such a lil nugget

To the cute girl with the "My puns are koala+tea" sticker on her laptop that sat with me in B&H: I missed getting your name, want to get tea some time?

Vicky Phan is an astonishing person and the world is lucky to have someone with such a perfect mix of wit, talent, kindness, and humor!

shouts out to all the phi beta kappas out here killing the game

Despite popular belief, I did not write a comment about Alexa Jacobs the other day. However, whoever wrote it, you are absolutely right! She is the best ever hands down. Lex, though you root for the pats Brady isn't the goat, u are

girl working at barus and holley coffee shop w the denim telefone hat on wednesday, you radiate such a positive energy !!!!!! i'm sending you so many good vibes !!! (also thank you for the hot chocolate)

i didn't get britt edelen in the data match but i wish i did

To everyone out there who prefers raw cookie dough over cooked cookies: I respect you.

Uche can you be my valentine?

u dont need friends if u have the navy

go navy beat army

Sebastien, you can carve my seams all day

@ post 23000 get off my girl Ivy Bernstein

Ben Perez is the man for me. His Catan playing skills, rugby acumen, and skillful consumption of Narragansett (5.0% ABV) make him the embodiment of modern masculinity...

Juliana Kim is an absolute goddess!  Single or nah?

Kele seems like such a great person, I wish I could get to know him better! Happy Valentines!

Shoutout to all the Telugu boiz on campus

Rose Sheehan, be my Valentine?

The football players in SOC 1315 can get it, damn.

Jack Riccardo-Wood

I still really like you, you blandly cute nerd

Teresa can put me in her txt file any time

The Zola/Lily friendship is goals

Viknesh Kasthuri, I saw you eating a brunch burrito in Andrews.
Single?"

Credo, will you be my valentine?

lucas sanchez is a butterfly among ants

I want Carlin Chuck to love me as much as he loves his whey

I don't think there is a better person on this campus than Cecelia Tamburro

I have a crush on George Wilde

Every time Isaac Kim says hi to me my entire day becomes 10x happier

Bella Cavicchi? Icon.

bba is the glue that holds our brown community together

sabrina chen looks really good in glasses

I'm at a weird point in my life with some crushes, in that I would love to ask them out, but I'm not the type to go exclusive and asking out monogamous people is just an exercise in frustration for me, but also asking near-stranger's preferred relationship structure to avoid wasting time is very invasive feeling so I'm just like 'what do'

thanks for the bubble tea time on Saturday, ethans476 :)

Tag your favorite Latinx! Appreciate their greatness.

Izzy Gao is so pretty.

Leo Tamez is a king!

I love Mariachi de Brown so much. They are all amazing people.

Williams, thank you for being such a passionate and dedicated president for Mariachi.

I'm platonically in love with Credo.

Lauren Hunt is high key beautiful

How Kaely Michels-Gualtieri can be so beautiful both on the outside and on the inside defies the laws of nature. I wish we could run off to join the circus together!

A big pet peeve is when people are consistently late, but for you, I'd wait forever.

Guys with long unique names

You have a bf but you take my breath away. Tall and sexy and just gorgeous. Invite me to wayland sometime?

James, you can Ro my boat anytime!

Laura, are you a polytime reduction from 3SAT? Because I need a witness to verify, but I'm pretty sure your friendship NP-Completes me :)

Karina, Ive had a small crush on you  since the beginning of the year, is there any chance you're single and want to have fun? Ps You're a fantastic dancer

Man in GCB 2/8 with septum ring and tats who are you

Zark Woogwozer. Ya snitch. <3

nothing but respect for MY paty garza

Christine Lee is a gem. She's truly incredible and idk how I'm going to function without her next year.

Julia Benani Smires, your laughter lightens up any room. I would love to get to know you. Everyone should be blessed by the higher powers to know you and have you in their life.

But please,
be in mine."

This post is dedicated to my self because I am awesome and I admire me

Kayli Wren is not only generous but also intelligent, beautiful, and strong

Ankush Bajaj -
Please be mine!!
Let me be the powerhouse of your cell.
Meet me sometime?
Exciting wow"

dude in scili basement with green sweater, grey backpack and grey northface jacket???

Keri Brooks has the coolest fashion sense. Every time I see her it's like she walked out of a magazine.

Calvin Nickelson- You are the most caring individual I have ever met. You are so strong, and even through trying times put others before you. EVERYONE- You have to get to know Calvin <3

Carter Graves how r u so gorgeous

Alex Liu - is he single??

Tag a girl whose favorite actor is Brian Dennehy and whose favorite drink is O'Douls

Super tall boy on the first floor of Wayland, ur cute

dude in the scili basement on 2/7 with military uniform???

the main problem with taking a class with ellen flax is that you spend the entire time distracted by her beauty and end up not learning anything

U.P. was walking down Waterman today trying to catch snowflakes on her tongue. She is joy and enthusiasm for life packed into a human bean.

Thank you for your light and happy belated birthday!"

i have a crush on jared

Will Zhao deserves nothing but happiness and love

Dear lord please tag tall single senior men

Tenbit Daniel- You're literally so gorgeous and you make me smile every time I see you Just a friendly reminder that you're killing the game!

Saw Abi Sanft in the Blue Room on Tuesday looking like a beautiful, talented, brilliant, powerful musk ox

that tall girl elyse kinda looks like shakira

wow, callum rossi is a lucky dude

Hello kind humans!

My best friend, Annie Phan, is going to spend this Valentine's Day alone. This makes me sad!!! How about we change that?

https://goo.gl/forms/F7aEIPTwHAfWv4zA3

If you are interested in a fun night on February 14th, 2018, please fill out this survey! You would have a wonderful time (trust me! (;  ) and you would make a great human really, really happy!

If you have any questions, my contact info is in the survey page

~Enjoy!"	Google Forms - create and analyze surveys, for free.

holy shit the cast of julius caesar

Tag a non-cs non-plme qt who can code!!

georgeara you are lovely

Sobhit Arora you can have a monopoly on my deal ;)

Isabel Guarnieri - What will it take to win your heart?

tag the MCM bois

Shout out to my investigation skills for giving this community the Trader Joes update we are craving.  We can make our own destiny and REQUEST a Trader Joes through this extremely simple form: https://www.traderjoes.com/contact-us/location-request
Let's turn fake news real."	Location Request | Trader Joe's

can I have some advice on how to get this dense nerd (guy) to notice me :(

I DONE TOLD YALL MY EAGLES COULD DO IT AND NO ONE LISTENED BUT WE HERE NOW #BIRDGANG

Nick Romig and Parker Zane give me meaning in life

Why do I like someone who I think pretends to like me back only because they are afraid of being left alone?

Tag your garlic guardian

Maria muci how are you even single, like damn!!

Catherine Bai is a beautiful, talented, brilliant, universally-loved gem of a human being.

SHOUTOUT TO ALL OF THOSE WHOSE START OF THE SEMESTER HAS BEEN TRASH!

A rough start is NOT going to define the semester.  It WILL turn around.  It WILL be awesome.  It's okay if the start isn't so great.  WE GOT THIS!

THIS IS YOUR SIGN TO KEEP GOING!!!!"

THE BIGGEST SHOUTOUT to the folks who work at the Thayer Starbucks. It's always so crowded and busy but they all work so hard and still remember my name and order. :")

Forward planning pre-frosh here: what are some extracurriculars that build very strong communities and are very tight-knit?

What's like the proper grinding etiquette? Do you gotta verbally ask or what?

To the cute girl I met before Impulse got shut down last night I still think you're really pretty

Love the game and it's the same thing that is not there for you and your friends with the same kind of thing about that game but when it's free all next week I will get the same results.

Ken Miller be my grandpa

i WOULD marry Bailey Jones, 100% and with no joke. A+ human A+ being.

Eli Berkowitz - You are goals as a person

Dear Vanessa, u da best

Mia Purdom, you're so cool. Please be my friend because you're so cool

Shout out to Kim Davila for being one of the strongest women that I know. She's out here killing it, and I really hope she knows it.

Hey guy who takes CS (currently in CS22) and wears green scarf normally and is a safe walker and attended the Cybersecurity AI talk last semester and went to several pre-law stuff - I do genuinely find you interesting although I haven't talked to you yet and therefore I'm writing this post to know who you are and hope that I could get to know you better!

boy who has a tattoo of a dove in a circle (?) who goes to the gym every morning what is your name?

Most attractive PLME award: Arjun Ganga

I really wish I could join the band because they all seem like one big awesome family but I have no musical training/ability and so I just feel like a failure

Even though Antonella Portugal claims to be illiterate every single day, she is absolutely brilliant. Keep grinding through those 5 pre-law classes and change the world!

Matthew Siff is the real deal

Billy Fujii dat ass so fine you gonna be mine?

I think the secret to sai allu's success is pedialyte

Motion to ban Grant Rutherford from ever wearing a shirt again

Pablo you make my heart flutter

To the boy who works in Shirley Miller house (Religious studies) on the first floor near the receptionist! I was flustered and late for a meeting and you have a nice smile

@Chris Casares you're incredible...coffee sometime?

 i thought we had chemistry, ashwin, with all that bollywood music we shared and loved but then i saw you with justin and realized i'll never have a chance

i wanna be iwa wilson when i gwow up

Lizzy Wang do ya thang

Littman, dayum, your class is lit

To the amazing BUDS worker manning the smoothies at the Ivy Room Monday night, who spilt guava juice in the yogurt, hit herself with a cup, and then proceeded to spill pineapple and peaches in the same yogurt all in the span of 2 minutes, you were so lighthearted and funny about it. It made my day. I wish you the best and I hope you have a good shopping period and a good semester!

Don't feel compelled to say "awkward silence." Sometimes quiet is okay. Being able to slow down and wordlessly appreciate someone's presence can be really intimate.

Lydia Haile brings joy into my life!!!!!

@Campus Market cashier Monday night, dude you're gorgeous

HK, you are so handsome, so hardworking, and SO sweet. It goes without saying I admire you. Your smile never fails to brighten my day, and I hope you show it as often as you can  ❤ Your favorite Bruin

Mia Pattillo, you're the coolest squishy cheeks alive

There's nothing I admire more than Fundamentals of Electric Circuits, 6th Edition by Alexander and Sadiku! https://smtebooks.com/file/9413

And seriously, screw profs who use the most recent edition of $100+ books. Like electricity has changed significantly since 2013?"	Downloading Fundamentals of Electric Circuits 6th Edition
22618  - People arent hype enough about the wok at Andrews - that chicken and noodles and rice combo is ridiculous

i think i'm done w the whole hooking up thing. if you're a nice 6'0 single dude, leave a comment. your dm's afterwards may surprise you :^)

Cintia Araujo, you are so sweet and kind and pretty, and I have the biggest crush on you

Skylar Hess makes me feel sad that she's at a level of kindness, brilliance and beauty I'll never be able to achieve, but happy that I can call her a friend.

Sometimes when I think about you, every part of my body aches. I miss you so much, why can't you see me the way I see you?  Do you even realize how much I love you?

Tag a nice Muslim boy who you'd like to get haram with

I'm always going to be slightly in love with you

Shout out to all the people (especially first years!) who maybe didn't have the best first semester but are already determined to have a seriously great second semester in every way, come what may!!! Dream big!

Daniella Balarezo I think I'm in love with you. You are hilarious, smart, kind, really cool and too intimidating to ask out. Just know you have an admirer out there.

Where are all of my fellow fujoshi and fudanshi peeps!!! ❤️BL❤️

Liz Kahn come here

Emily Papiez is lowkey an all around catch. Smart, funny, and cute what a dime

Tag someone you'd prolapse anuses with ;)

@20689 -- Can't help but think this is about us. But even if it's not, you should tell them how you feel. Talk to them as much as you can, even though you won't see them for a long time. There's no reason to hold back from what you want.

Anyone else find Brown's gay spaces a bit lackluster? Just looking for a family <3

Tag a cute future lawyer

Yo honestly as a sophomore, I really want to transfer. I hate this school and its atmosphere. I don't want to grow the next few years around rich, snobby, uniform, cut copy, white, privileged, and ignorant students that have this accepting aesthetic but are actually fake af. This school is depressing. Brown's administration and a great proportion of the student body suck and do not care about others. Thinking of a few to leave to, hmu for suggestions lol. #ivyleagueoverrated

Joe Johnson is such a zaddy hehehe. I'd kill for a chance to massage those biceps ;)

im rly tired of some stem people thinking (and telling others) that their work is more difficult/ more valuable than humanities work. just a message to fellow humanities people: ur work is equally as hard and important as theirs is and dont let them tell u otherwise!!

Cute girls who can teach me korean, where you at? (but seriously though...)

Thanks everyone in Rev Bodies for an great semester. Hope this post's hegemonic discourse doesn't form the matter of ur unintelligible bodies. Nevetheless, with foucaultian resistance we shall persevere.

happy holidays to everyone except donald trump

Blake Planty how are you so fucking cool

hookup culture can be fun but it's usually just unfulfilling and exhausting (at least for me). how do I even date??!

Development studies concentrators are the best people on campus, not question. So rad, so critical. Thankful for them <3 show them some love ❤️

To the girl in the cake leggings, you have a great smile and I'd love to get to know you ;)

Is Ellen Flax seeing anyone?

Tag your favorite Arizona native!

Nam I could eat you up

shoutout to all politically/socially aware science concentrators. makes me have faith in humanity.

being gay and ugly on this campus really sucks

Response to 20413: is your hate for red delicious apples due to the fact that everyone steals them from the Ratty?

To anyone who needs this:
It's just an addiction
You don't need them to be happy
You don't need them to live
You don't need them to love
They are just an addiction
Don't go back because you're lonely
Don't go back because you think you need them
Remember how they've used you and how they've used other people
You deserve better"

Eternal gratitude to the undergrad math community for helping me survive another semester <3

whomst is that mans that's always with Kevin from the derbies? asking 4 a friend ;)

Shoutout to everyone who doesn't give a fuck about whether or not people wear Canada Goose jackets

Gabriel Gonzalez is a TREASURE

Jen is so wholesome!

How do you enter a relationship if no girl seems to want a guy who's under 5'6"? :(

Shoutout to all the people out there who are the senate

shout out to people with the correct take, which is that canada goose coats are just ugly

Joe Johnson has no idea how to throw a Christmas party. Shoutout to Abby!!!

joe johnson sure knows how to throw a Christmas party, it was more lit than the brickhouse

Natalie Barasch, you have an amazing smile.

I believe in America. America has made my fortune.

Graduated last year with a double major in computer science and a humanities (can't say it here, would make my identity obvious) subject - magna cum laude, great job offers and I currently work at a tech company that you have definitely heard of making upwards of 100k a year.

Just wanted to shoutout pornhub.com, without which I would never have made it. Thank you pornhub!"

shout out to all the students who have ever been the low on an exam and have had to hear people in the class say, "at least im not the low." everyone learns at different rates and has their own struggles. we deserve to be here and the only way we can go now is up :)

To the cute Russian girl talking on the phone in Andrews on Monday, надеюсь, что твой разговор прошел хорошо, и что увидимся еще)

SHOUTOUT TO NEW FRIEND!!!! TAG A NEW FRIEND WHO ALREADY FEEL LIKE A OLD FRIEND

When s/he hits you with that heart emoji and you feel validated

I feel like I'm drowning. I hate myself and everyone around me because no one cares. I'm just done.

Guy in TV Studies - you helped present on YouTube and were wearing a gray and navy blue sweater and had dark hair. Don't remember your name but know it started with an A. Who are you? You're cute!

@20192: Please be clearer as to who you are because nearly everything you're describing looks the same from my perspective. My feelings are the same, maybe even stronger than they should be, I'm just not admitting it because I'm afraid you're the one playing games instead. Please stop acting cold, talk to me, show me you wrote this somehow. I'm really scared too, but if it wasn't important it wouldn't be scary, right?

why am I incapable of acting on my feelings

Tag your favorite Protestants ❤️

Should I make a move? Comment if yes

Jeannie Le

Shoutout to Brian Long for being an amazing CS15 TA and staying for an extra 2 hours to make sure everyone was seen at TA hours!

Priyal Gupta, you seem sweet and interesting and I'm sad I didn't get to know you this semester

Tag a friend who graciously took the L in CS15 to lower the curve

josiah you are a hottie!!

tag your favorite jewish bagel

Shout out to my friends. I love you, and I haven't told you this, but I honestly feel like I'm in the presence of true greatness when I'm with you. I know you're all gonna be amazing after brown because, damn, look at you now!

where dem NJBs at?

To the person who decorated the ceiling of Jameson 007 with glow in the dark stars, I think you might be my future husband.

Ben Perez is so sumptuous...

Lina Sim is goddess. Saved my life so many times by answering my CS15 questions on Piazza. I am so grateful to have you as my CS15 TA!


I hate to use this page to speak up about this because it's a bit hypocritical with what I'm saying but I'm SO SAD.

BBA has always been a happy dose of wholesome content that I look forward to reading each day.  I don't read to find posts about myself.  I read BBA because something about seeing all of the affirmations peers write for each other demonstrates how caring our community can be. And how much we respect each other.  And how much we value the beautiful content of each other's character.  When I was posted about in this way, I was deeply moved and felt so so so happy.  When my friends are posted about in this way, I feel incredibly proud and so so so happy.  Even when people I've never met are posted about, I think about how good they must feel reading their message and I feel so so so happy.

But lately, this page just makes me sad. It reminds me of Brown Bears Confessions. It's filled with conflict and anonymous venting that seems to do more harm than good.  I agree that having an anonymous page to post about non-admirers issues would be desirable for certain things (i.e. advice on loneliness, tips for being a freshman, calling out disrespectful behavior by our peers that needs to be addressed, etc.).  Sometimes I have public questions I want to ask anonymously, and BBA is tempting because it reaches the most people on the anonymous level.  However, I think the intention of this page needs to be respected.

Maybe BBA can start another branch where all non-admirer worthy submissions get posted on a different page?

I know after Brown Bears Confessions, it seems like a bad idea to start another anonymous community page. I do think that Brown Class Confessions is an excellent example of another anonymous page that allows for healthy discussion around topics that really need to be addressed that don't fall into the category of ""admirer posts.""

Thanks for listening! ❤️"

Bri Navarre is simply stunning and breath-taking

NITRO CART DADDY I LOVE YOU

Looking for someone to cuddle and read communist literature with.

Tommy collins is tall and handsome. hopefully ready to mingle.

finals tip: if you're feeling down or stressed, take a deep breath and listen to some Stevie Wonder.

Replying to the post about the heterosexual male who wouldn't feel comfortable being with a transwoman:

1. BBA is not a place for a discussion like that and the responses won't be productive if you actually want to be a better ally.

2. As a queer person I can say that people can't choose who/ what sex organs they are sexually attracted to and that's not transphobic. If OP just isn't comfortable being sexual with someone with a penis (which was the core of what he meant) then we have no right to say that is invalid no more than straight people can dictate who queer people are intimate with. What's the solution? We tell him to have sex with someone he doesn't want to in the name of being a good ally?

3. You may say that OP can/ should keep that to himself and that's valid.

4. Ultimately he even said that he just wanted to be a better ally and I think that means a lot.

There was no harm meant, but I won't stand behind fellow queer people in dictating what gender(s) and/or sex organs others have to be comfortable being intimate with."

As a donkey farmer from midieval England, when people say "dead ass" I think about a dead donkey which makes me very sad. Would people at Brown mind prefacing each time they say dead ass with "no donkeys die in the following statement" Thanks!

I like how posters on BBA have been like you know what I really admire? Fuck all of you

Gabe Reyes - you are beautiful

Jake Chanan's dance moves would have Michael Jackson green with envy

Nick Anthony can pthread_mutex_lock me down any day of the week

celinie nguyen, holy crap you're so cute!

To all the people who performed at the Impulse Winter Dance Showcase - WOW  YOU ARE ALL AMAZING!!! Teach me how to dance!

I can listen no longer in silence. I must speak to you by such means as are within my reach. You pierce my soul. I am half agony, half hope. Tell me not that I am too late, that such precious feelings are gone for ever. I offer myself to you again with a heart even more your own than when you almost broke it, eight years and a half ago. Dare not say that man forgets sooner than woman, that his love has an earlier death. I have loved none but you. Unjust I may have been, weak and resentful I have been, but never inconstant. You alone have brought me to Bath. For you alone, I think and plan. Have you not seen this? Can you fail to have understood my wishes? I had not waited even these ten days, could I have read your feelings, as I think you must have penetrated mine. I can hardly write. I am every instant hearing something which overpowers me. You sink your voice, but I can distinguish the tones of that voice when they would be lost on others. Too good, too excellent creature! You do us justice, indeed. You do believe that there is true attachment and constancy among men. Believe it to be most fervent, most undeviating, in F. W.

I'm a heterosexual male, but I don't think I feel comfortable being intimate with trans women. Does this make me transphobic? Looking for ways to be better, and to take the right steps to be more of an ally.

Yesenia Puebla are you Christmas, cuz I wanna merry you

Umm Anina Hitt can get Itt. (Itt = my number becuz damn)

JOEY REINDL WHAT A BABE

William and Charles Steele, the apples of my eye, the outer buns to my hamburger patty, the lady Gaga to your Justin Timberlake and Andy Samberg (dibs on being the 'honey in the middle'). Just like y'all's strapping dives, I dream of throwing myself into the midst of your divine swimmer bodies dry and coming out soaking wet onto the other sides.

That doesn't scare you guys does it?"

I fell in love with a PORG today, but I don't know his/her/their name. Dayumm you got those nice eyes. Real thicc too... hmu if you wanna ride my millenium falcon

Two words... Rakhi Kundra! Just yes.

Leslie bresnahan more like Leslie bresnaDAMN. cuz damnn

is anyone else heartbroken that it's too cold for the nitro cart and they no longer get to see AJ's beautiful face anymore? I know I am

Tag your favorite non-homophobic athletes ❤️

Marissa Alfiero you never fail to put a smile on my face and adventure in my day. Keep living ur best life, ya beautiful beet blossom

Does anyone know the name of the cute guy who was cleaning up after the KISA formal and if you do, does anyone know if he could sweep me off my feet too? :)

Tag hotties about to study abroad/graduate (last chance everyone!)

I'm really sorry. Im sorry if I wasted your time or lead you on. I'm sorry I ghosted. I  don't know how to explain where I am at right now and why I can't give you what you want. You are wonderful. And deserve better.

Sobhit Arora that hat you wore to busun was the sexiest thing I've ever seen

To the girl who mixed coke and diet coke at the Ratty: what the hell?

Brandon Chen's smile is awesome

Where all my OGP seltzer drinkers at

Koko Nakajima is a good bean~~

Jo's cashier in the pink shirt on Sunday night. Coffee sometime?

george wangensteen are you straight?? asking for a desperate friend

Middle Eastern looking guy at the Ratty 6:30 12/10 with a man bun, beard and grey stripped sweater: you are a masterpiece, easily one of the most beautiful people I've seen in my life. I'd say god bless you but it looks like he already did.

Huge thanks to cs15 ta brian for taking extra time during hours to help me! free sometime after finals for coffee?

s/o to all the monitors working hard at the BDW rn! I know it's craziness with us all rushing to finish final projects and stuff, but your patience and knowhow is what's keeping everything running :)

Me: the perfect girl doesn't exi—
The Marcy suite girls: *exist*"

why are there so many hot indian girls in the class of 2020? how can a freshman hit you up?

Sometimes I like to do nice things for my fellow students like leaving unused ketchup packets and napkins from bagel gourmet on tables in the rock lobby just in case people need them.

Shout out to the students that don't shame people for wearing CG jackets. Do you know anything about me as a person? NAH. So keep it moving. I don't get to judge you. You don't get to judge me.

I have a thing for Sean Manning. He's just too adorable and seems like a really nice guy. We've never met but I know we would really hit it off. ughh so conflicted

tag attractive well-dressed freshmen and sophomore boys with warm hands (bc it's gonna snow and I'm always cold and need a hand holder) willing to be cuffed for reading period (and longer if it goes well)

KaterinaTori damn how can you be so hot and smart all in one? Taken? (please say no)

Constantly trying to be more like Jo

Sean Manning is a damn catch, ok ok

dear testakles, giantberg, bloomberg, froggy, rookberg, the old chinese ladies, eighth grade allie, municipality, and the og goldberg. you all make my life in the basement so wonderful. thank you all <333

damn who tf is the super tall, super jacked asian dude with long hair at the Nelson? holy shit come to me please

I feel corny as hell for doing this but here I am -- we're best friends, and I deeply cherish what we have. but recent events have made me realize I might have less than platonic for you, and maybe you feel the same, but I'm too scared of making our friendship weird to talk about it. So I'm screaming into the digital void about it instead.

cw: suicide/sh
.
.
.
.
.
Shout out to me for having a great semester after almost dying a few times last spring <3 and to everyone else who's holding on. We got this."

Solana Huang is a god damn dime. Is she single or what?

General Consensus: is 42 non-committal sexual partners too much?

Hey Chobani Man, you're so cute. Coffee sometime?

HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY BOI PETER!!!! TURNS CS-YEARS OLD TODAAAAY! -DECEMBER 7TH

shoutout to margery kempe for basically cuffing jesus you go girl

Tag the most lit frosh dorm

I've felt lonely my entire life. I wish I didn't have this insatiable need for attention. I wish I had more friends. I wish I wasn't weird and that I was brave enough to do something. I wish people didn't make me anxious. I fucking hate my joke of a social life but I guess shit could be worse so whatever

Tag single tall girls

Okay, what is the name of the beautiful, edgy person with the nose ring and stache. <3 <3 <3

-Your secret admirer"

Y'all remember Handsome Squidward?

Robbie Felton's face is THAT beautiful.

On the lookout for single, Hindu girls ... unsuccessful thus far :(

shoutout to deanne umbay for always brightening up my day

Patrick Nugent is a star!!!

It really must be wonderful to be pretty, thin, and cis at this school - you get all this social capital

Dear Arima Kousei,

It feels weird writing a letter to someone you were just with…

You're the worst.

Indecisive. Gullible. Twit.

The first time I ever saw you perform, I was 5 years old. It was at a recital for the piano school I was going to. This awkward, clumsy kid came onto the stage and accidentally hit the piano stool with his butt. It was too funny. He turned to the piano that was way too big for him and the moment he played that first note, I was drawn in.

The sound was beautiful, like a 24-colour palette. The melodies danced.

The girl next to me started crying. I wasn't expecting that at all.

And even so, you gave up the piano. Even though it totally changed other people's lives. You're the worst. Indecisive. Gullible. Twit.

(Cut to Kaori as a kid, telling her parents she's giving up piano for violin because she wants Kousei to play again.)

When I found out we were in the same middle school, I was ecstatic. But how would I ever come to talk to you? Maybe I'd hang out at the lunch concession. Instead, I just watched you from afar.
I mean. After all. You all seemed to get along so well. There wasn't really any space in there for someone like me.
When I was a kid, I had to have an operation and I started having to be at the hospital for regular check-ups. In the first year of middle school, I collapsed and I was admitted over and over. With every visit, I was there for longer and longer. Really, I didn't get to class much in middle school, I spent more time at the hospital. And I knew something was wrong with my body.

One night, I saw my parents crying in the waiting room and I knew that my time was running out.

That's when I ran away.
I didn't want to bring my regrets with me to heaven, so I stopped holding back from what the things I always wanted to do.
I wasn't scared anymore to get contact lenses.
I ate what I wanted instead of always worrying about my weight.
And I took the music with all its high and mighty directives and played it the way I wanted.

And then I told a lie. Just one.
I lied and said that I, Miyazono Kaori, liked Watari Ryouta.

And that lie brought you to me.

Please apologize to Watari for me… though I'm sure he's forgotten me by now
I think I need someone more wholehearted and earnest than him.
I think we'd be fine as friends though.

And please apologize to Tsubaki for me too.
I want for there to be no hard feelings. And there was one thing I could never ask of her, to ask her directly to introduce the two of us.
I don't think she would've had an answer for me.
After all, she was in love with you.
We all knew that.
I think the only people who didn't know were you and her.
That underhanded lie brought me to you didn't work out the way I had imagined.

It was darker.
And meaner.
And denser.
And more stubborn.
And more perverted.

And softer.
And more masculine.
And sweet.
Remember that bridge we jumped off? The water was so cool and refreshing.
Racing each other alongside the train. I really thought I could win.
The moon was saw from the music room that night, like a delicious-looking bun.
Singing Twinkle Twinkle Little Star with you as we rode on that bike together. Then falling out time. We're awful singers.
At the school at night. I'm still sure there was something there.
The falling snow, just like cherry blossoms.

It's strange to be a musician, but then to have your heart so filled by something that comes from off-stage
They're unforgettable scenes to me. But they're such little things. It's weird, isn't it?

What do you think?
Do you think I made it into anyone's heart like that?
I wonder if I made it into yours.
I wonder if you'll still remember me.

If you forget me, I'll just come back and..
No, I don't want to start over.
Please don't forget me.
Promise me you won't forget me.

I'm glad it was you.

I hope this reaches you, Arima Kousei.

I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
I'm sorry we couldn't eat all those canelés.
I'm sorry I hit you so much.
I'm sorry I was so selfish.

I'm so, so, so, so sorry.

Thank you for everything.

Miyazono Kaori"

Need me the kind of girl who actually enjoys looking at language declension tables.

shoutout to soylent

Will Collier, what's a girl gotta do?

to the girl with the blue vest with huskies on it, you're veryy pretyy

whoever was playing despacito in manning hall last night - you made that piano SING

It's a shame James Bradley has a girlfriend...with those shoulders I would let you do anything you wanted to me. No restrictions <3
-missuspumpkin"

To the girl who moved out of the room in JWW on Sunday night to let a bunch of use the room to watch a documentary, you are the sweetest! Thank you so much for being so thoughtful, and good luck on your finals!!

that scili security man. you know that young one. hot.

Tag the person who helped you through your hardest class this semester

we gotta talk about how painfully shitty it is to be not thin on this campus. what even is your activism if it doesn't include fat bodies. People who would never intentionally say anything racist/homophobic/etc. still think its fuckin hilarious to make fun of fat people. im gonna need thin folks to step up like 10000% and fight fatphobia in your daily life. shout out to all the not-thin folks on campus, yall are killin it and i love you all

Charlie Faber - your streetwear could use some help

vishnu u fine af will u be my daddy dantu

Carli Langevin doesn't get nearly enough love. actual definition of INCREDIBLE

damn girl u shit wit that butt ?

To the boy with F.C.L monogrammed on all of his clothes, let me into your life! (And your room)

to the boy who saved the ratty: thank you for being so heroic and brave and risking electrocution to put out the fire in the heat conveyor. you saved the ratty for everyone. you are truly my hero. thank you.

sos pls leave tips on how to go from crush to bae

To the sl8r bois of room 101: how does one enter the fruit fly killing contest? #riplenny xoxo your whiteboard admirers

Thank you to Brown EMS for all of your hard work keeping us safe and healthy!

big fucking shoutout to everyone who has helped my sorry ass with cs 33

is mark sejourne single

BARK THINS

Lucas Rosenblatt! You're super cute! Single/open to date inquiries?

Tag your favorite Wisconsinite!

To that random freshman in 33 who helped me fix my segfaulting-beyond-repair code on Monday night, thank you for saving my thanksgiving

I AM NOT STRAIGHT!!!!!!!
life is incredible. :)"

Michael bass is a baddy with a booty

Katie Brown is perhaps one of the cutest people I have ever seen

To the guy with brown hair who works out in the Grad Center gym in a Mustangs tank every morning: hiii

This probably isn't a BBA post, but shout-out to all those who are platonic cuddlers. I'm definitely not speaking for everyone here because a lot of people don't like or enjoy such physical contact, yet I've found it immensely helpful to have people in my life who understand how comforting it can be. Since coming here, not being able to talk to someone about it has been really hard. So, shout-out to everyone that hugs, cuddles, and shares physical contact with their friends when they want it. You have no idea how reassuring and comforting your actions can be.

I admire Justin Kim's audacious run for the KASA first-year representative. I have my eye on you, you rising star.

Is Jeff Benes single? <3

okay hi hey hello who is da beautiful boy with longish dark curly hair who wears cool floral button downs and lives on wriston (i think??). that is all over and out thx team!!!!

sign language girl??

John from Italy ❤ ❤ ❤

Lisa Okazaki!!!  Tell me if ligase I is all I need and I'll start the connection.


Campus is so much less sunny without Ruth Bamuwamye

Guy in language resource center on 9/21 with the glasses, dark blue backpack and thermos... ur very cute

Bella Ehrlich: how u doin ;)

to the tall guy who works at Jos salad station with the amazing blue eyes… who are you? lets get coffee sometime :)

Sean Pazurdad, I want to systematically take you apart and replace my body parts with your body parts because I want to be you

To the band (violin? guitar? flute? sax? melodica maybe?) playing Hotel California near the Main Green the night of 9/20, can we be friends? You have a fan in Slater

Swiggity swooty, I want me some Ben Vuty. BV, lemme smash?

Michael bass is a baddy with a booty

sidi wen is really hot

You're a ray of sunshine Gabriella Etoniru! Your personality and smile always brighten up my day!

THANK GOD FOR IZZY BAUMAN!

Best make out spot on campus?

Honestly shout out to the MLA for the thicc 5 lines of double spaced headers

to the dreamers who feel like their fire is burning out ~~ just breathe, your fire just needs a little more oxygen to grow :)

To JUSTIN (I think its ur name) probably living in New Pembroke 1... Dude ur so fuckin hot! I mean like I can't sleep the night thinking what it would be like to be in bed with you. Str8? Bi? Gay? taken? I mean just give us a hint. I think all of the New Pembroke campus is waiting for a hint...

The Higher Keys soloist in the black dress - your voice is incredible!!!

Mystery girl I met at the Neon Party last Saturday, you're a really good kisser! Wish the moment could've lasted longer, you should hit me up ;)

Esteban Safranchik hmu tonite?

Xiaoyu Hwang! I'll attend all your concerts if you use those piano fingers on me!

Molly Naylor - thanks for writing genuinely sweet comments on sad BBA posts and warming my heart. I want you to know that someone notices!

sexy back man with the injured right shoulder who took off his shirt at the football game and showed off his beautiful back ..... WHO ARE YOU

Can't stop thinking about the woman in the Brownstones who sang that river song at the arch sing and her stage presence!! I got chills

(9/12) girl wearing a Wheeler polo tucked into her little shorts... you're so fucking cute. Who is she?

freshmen who are stressed about friends/classes/transitioning, you've been here for one week, these by no means shows what life will be like at Brown. You can make it what you want it to be, and you can have the best days of your life so far.

ani pula damn that laugh is hyena chic

My Meik is so so hot. Do I go for it?

Econometrics TA Hannah is so stunning

Mohamed Mohamed you are RIDICULOUSLY attractive and effortlessly cool. Hot damn...

Conor Millard--taken?

To the cute transfer boy who asked me where to get your books at the bookstore, hi.

I'm a junior and I still don't feel a connection with anybody on this campus. I'm not talking romance -- I mean I have not been able to relate to any of the other students here. I have good relationships with friends outside of the Brown community, but I feel like as much as I love this university, I'll always be on the outside of some campus-wide inside joke.

girl with black skirt in the sci li?

To the girl with the short pink-dyed hair I saw in cs33 today, god damn you're gorgeous, and I wish I was half as confident as you look.  You do you <3

Jake Saferstein, you're my favorite customer

Kenari Drayton, keep doing you--you're noticed and loved. #59 on the field, #1 in our hearts

So happy to have Sohum back on campus!!!!

Shoutout to all my anti-social, non partygoers out there

Shivani is the best!

@Vanessa Somchith, girl I heard you're in Dallas...still single?

quynh vu is hot

James Comey....❤❤❤ yes testify, honey child.

Is Rakan single?

@nateshames tonight is the night. let's bang.

(5/22)"

Elizabeth Chen, you're super cute! Coffee next semester?

Emily Petrie is the sweetest and kindest person I've ever known. I don't want you to graduate! :(

Wow. I like you

Gaby Reyes - you're the prettiest and smartest senior of them all and I'm sad that I couldn't overcome my shyness to talk to you. Even so, your very existence makes me have hope in the world.

Felicia Davidson -- You are so kind and caring and you give great hugs!

sending admiration and good vibes to all the seniors who are graduating in '17.5 <3 it must be hard to see the constant bombardment of graduation posts from your classmates, but you know that you make the choices that are right for you!!! rock on point fivers!!

To the girls who brought cookies and muffins to struggling studiers in the Scili today, you two are very lovely and made my afternoon! Thank you <3

Phoebe Young u wanna scramble?

Jean Lee -- You have a great sense of humor! Keep being you. :)

Judith Lao -- Your ability to truly listen and care for other people is unparalleled and really appreciated.

Ellie Baker -- I love your cheerfulness and also how dependable you are!

@JJ - Nice
@JJ - Nicer
@JJ - Nicest"

Nomvula (Vu) just want to share some love with you. Even though I don't get to see you that much, every time I do see you on this campus it brings a smile to my face because you have an infectiously awesome personality (and laugh). As I'm writing this I wish we had hung out more before you were a senior. also damnnnnn those dance moves..... You're a 10/10

To Haley on smoothies at the Ivy Room: you work so hard-- you're literally an icon of a strong woman. Hope you know you're crushing it!

Michael bass is a baddy with a booty

a whole summer without getting plowed by daddy metz = :(

The first time we spoke, I kind of dismissed you because the way you approached me was rather unusual lol.  But I was mad at myself after because I think you're really cute!  We've spoken again recently and I'm glad I got another chance.  Scramble with this senior?

I am not really sure what I am getting myself into. I feel like you have certain expectations given its the end of the year. But honestly, I'm still trying to figure what I want, especially since scrambling isn't really my style.

Willy Homza from the baseball team, I've admired you from afar for a long time now. How do I get to know you better?

Gardner Eager -- I admire how you know exactly when to be silly and when to be serious. You're fun to be around but also reliable and level-headed.

Jack Kelly -- I really admire your dedication to the things you care about and your ability to bring your ideas to life.

Can someone explain how senior scramble works?

Laura Henny- You're the kindest person I've met, and you don't know your worth. You always make it through everything that comes your way, and I admire (and am jealous of) your persistence.

This is for all the nonbinary students on campus. Those who are out - your fierceness is beautiful to behold. Those who are closeted - you are valid and no less your wonderful self. Those who have experienced harrassment, transphobia, misgendering, etc - you are loved and deserve so much better. Those who use he/she pronouns, present in a way that ""looks binary"" - and those who use uncommon pronouns and present in a way that doesn't fit the stereotypical idea of a thin white androgynous person - your voices are important.
-love, an agender person who will probably never be able to come out"

Shoutout to the Tuesday Orgo TA's for writing some of the most comprehensive and challenging problem sets- your explanations helped me succeed in the course, even though some of those challenge problems scared the crap out of me...

Sergio Chen -- You seem really cool. I like how you have a clear idea of exactly what you're interested in.

to David Wang and Elizabeth Dimen -- I'm not sure if you two are actually dating, but you are couple goals af

Emily Sauter, you have a beautiful heart and mind. I love that you constantly make time for your friends and offer support in so many ways, while still being easygoing and kind. Please know you are loved, cherished and appreciated!

I really wish that I have the courage to ask Milla Shin out... But she is way out of my league... what should I do??

Fatima Husain - SCRAMBLE?

To the person in jos talking about how the word "mammal" is sexist, thank you for shedding light on this underappreciated topic!

andrea zhu i love you

Spring and warm weather are cool but that means Daniella isn't wearing beanies and that's a shame.

Sam Mayfield you're so amazing and so much fun to be around - I admire you so much!!

alberta devor you are radiant inside and out and i am so grateful to call you my friend

shoutout to zach kbaum for being literally the most responsive and helpful 16 TA on piazza !! your answers are always so supportive and calming, which is really really really really appreciated as we freak out before the exam :)

Lauren Yamaguchi you will be so so so missed next year! I don't know how we will survive without you. Know that your fan club will be going strong, and growing. I love you. We all love you. You are the best human. So much love <# <# ( = illustrated broken hearts of those you will leave behind)

Nkosi KJ  you fineeee. Congrats on graduating, but it's a real L for the rest of us.

ishan you maaad cute lemme get those digits hm?

@11167 Somewhat serious plea to find a straight male fuck buddy for senior week. Pretty average looking gal if you're into that sort of thing...

sarah clapp is bae

Sam Rubinek is really smart

To all the Meiks out there:
Thanks for a great first year at Brown and helping with all the first year struggles!
*tag your Meik to show em some love <3"

Jenny Fu is goals. She is so pretty, has social media game and her green highlights SLAYYYYYYYY

Leo Cooper, you are an incredible TA. Plus you're pretty cute

I want someone to look at me the way Jonathan Powell looks at Patricia Paulino.

devon jack is an amazingly smart, kind and determined bean! <3  her kick ass self is capable of anything and inspires me!!

I like someone but I have 47 pages of stuff to write and turn in by May 21, so I can't use my time to reach out/start something for real. It would be super irresponsible of me to write you the letter I want to write given my workload. And I wouldn't actually be able to go to the same school as you if I get put on academic suspension! If you feel lonely, maybe someone really likes you but just has a lot of homework!

Kate is in to me
Let's make 'us two' a 'we'
I finished paying Brown fees
You wanna scramble please?"

Elana Nelson - scramble with a senior?

Brown University family,

I only have less than three weeks left here before I move back home to start a new chapter of my life. I'm glad I stayed an extra two years after graduation because I've gotten the privilege of meeting some of the most incredible people (both students and staff). I strengthened my relationships with current friends and professors and also rebuilt burned bridges. I feel a wonderful synergistic effect whenever I look back at my time at Brown in that the sum of the influences other people have individually had on me has compounded to something even more profound. Although I am excited to start graduate school, a part of me will always remain ever true to this institution and to you.

Know that I appreciate and admire each one of you to the fullest and that I will miss you dearly when I'm gone. Also know that I will visit when I get the chance; Atlanta is only a 2.5-hour flight away. If I take nothing else away from my time at Brown, I hope that I've left a footprint on at least one person's life, and that alone is enough. You are all passionate, dedicated, and ambitious individuals to say the least, and I hope you carry these traits with you even after you leave Brown. These traits will catapult you farther than a Bachelor's degree ever could. To quote a famous physicist, "Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school."

Lastly, many of you probably know me as a former Neuro 1 TA or Bio 20 TA, so I just wanted to add that it was an absolute privilege and honor to have been your teaching assistant. Through my TAships, I've met some of the most understanding and compassionate people, so please do keep in touch; I look forward to all of your future achievements. Good luck on finals. You're ready.

Love always,
Ronnie"

WOW @ girl on the main green holding a ouija board the other day

hannah velasquez! you've been in/TAed for a few of my classes and I am just amazed by you! you're so successful, do so much on campus, and are absolutely gorgeous (your hair?!!?) I don't know you at all, but I am so impressed from afar!

The girl working the rock cafe today with the striped shirt and glasses is stunning !!

I LOVE LIZZY DOYKAN SO EFFING MUCH 300/10 friend

Everyone is sleeping on Murat Erduran!!!!

lot of weird 'Asian' rhetoric on here!
some things to consider!
- not all asians are East/Southeast Asian
- just writing ""Asian"" isn't the most helpful descriptor
- no need to (self)-tokenize! you don't have to qualify desirability with asian-ness...that's some fetishization stuff going on there..."

Unrequited love is like letting the Devil loose on your mind. Over a year later, she's still in my head every time I close my eyes. I feel like Orlando pining after my Rosalind; this is my note on the trees.

The worst part is knowing how great we'd be together, if she ever gave us a chance."

To the cutie who sat across from me at the computer cluster in the basement of scili, I hella want to get to know you. I only stole a few quick glances, but thank you for totally distracting me and keeping me entertained with ur dancing. P.S. I like ur mug. Let's be friends and grab tea sometime?

If Ethan doesn't scoop up Peter, I gladly will

Kayla Kirk you are an amazing person! Keep doing great things.

Jacob Moser is a baBE

Jessie Jiang, We've never spoken, but you are the prettiest thing out there.

Thank you so much to all the fat folx who did the naked donut run. Typically I feel even shittier about finals after I see the NDR because I get the feeling that the only people confident enough to show their bodies are skinny people. Y'all show me that I can be confident, too.

Will Weatherly, I totally liked you for so long and was trying to get you to like me but I'm giving up now!! A shame, we could have made a great team! Don't let the next one slip by ;)

Conor Millard is a tall gentle angel

Seeking friends to hang with in PVD this summer. plz let me know if you will be here & willing to socialize below

Need to know who the boy sitting alone in the rock basement on Tuesday night is. He was sitting on a couch in the back of the room and had short brown hair and was wearing a fancy shirt.

Josh Danielson is just SO cute in his BUDS hat and apron. You don't even need to use a credit, you can eat me anytime <3

Surbhi Madan you are such a smart, amazing, kind, compassionate and humble person. Anyone who has ever known you is very fortunate to have crossed paths with you! You'll very much be missed at Brown, but we all know you're on to great things in your future journey.

thank y'all for being an amazing presence on this campus ♥️	Timeline Photos

Kudos to Hans and Michelle for having such a healthy and amazing relationship!  It inspires me to someday have a quality relationship of my own.  I've seen all the work they've put into their relationship, and six months later it's clear that it's paying off!

Maddy DiGiovanni - you are such a warm and kind-hearted person and we are all better for having known you. Your intelligence and depth of understanding of the human spirit do make Brown a better place. Congratulations on winning the Joslin award for nicest human on campus - you really deserve it!!!

https://www.brown.edu/about/administration/vp-campus-life/awards/alfred-h-joslin-award"	The Alfred H. Joslin Award | Vice President for Campus Life and Student Services

Lauren Bruguera, you are amazing! I want to be with you all day and all night! What about a whole lifetime?!!!!!!❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️

Lynn Ha - Girlll what have you been doing??? You look so good mama

Lynn Ha - dat ass tho!!!

to the person whistling in the mochamp/new pembroke parking lot around 9pm on Tuesday-you sound amazing!

to the guy in the grey sweater who smiled at me rounding the corner on the 4th floor of new dorm A at like 8 pm today- sorry I didn't smile back!! I was just caught off guard and didn't react fast enough hahah. hope you're having a wonderful finals period

Confession: Chris Wong is cool

Gilad Seckler -- I wish I had an excuse to talk to you. Scramble me please.

Comfession: Dylan Quintal is amazing

@toasterhaus - Y'all seem like such a family. Shoutout for being some of the friendliest people on campus

To all the wingmen and wingwomen who've helped me navigate through the minefield of impulses and emotions to keep me sane, thank you so much! Whatever the outcome I've been very grateful for your support, advice, and friendship and I hope I've been as helpful to you as you have been to me.
I'm confident you'll find that special someone one day!"

Christine Baltazar, I miss being your friend.

@Liam Kerwin
You're actually so thicccc. Like ignorant thicccc. 4 c's. Stay beautiful."

Jackson D text me back please

Priya always serving looks!!!!!

Cute boy from Jo's who works the salad bar on Tuesday nights: are you single? If so, can I toss *your* salad?

Shoutout to the Naked Donut runners for their confidence and generosity with donuts :)

logan the andrews cashier

u r so fricking cute o m f g"

To whoever had the aux cord at andrews on 5/8 around 5:

Love the nickleback"

Jamie Advincula - Yep, the post was for you, you're just gorgeous!  :D Thanks for brightening my day :)

Chubby boys don't get any love on this campus.

S/O TO ALL MY CHUBBY BOYS OUT THERE LOOKIN FINE AF"

Josh Waldman is an essay god!

Alvaro Zamora, how does one go about wooing you? Because DAMN you are fine! I'd let you stick your pizza in my oven :)

Thanks to all the kind souls who share their extra credits and post on the meal sharing group! I really appreciate it so much <3

Boy with red-framed glasses, big hair... saw you in the mailroom! :-)

Who was the boy in the ratty this morning with a brown rugby shirt on and Gary sneakers and a blue shirt

David Gutierrez - you are so incredibly cute and instantly brighten my day when I see you. This campus is so lucky to have you. Thank you for being you!

It's really sad that Greg Heeran and Michael Wicks are graduating-- they're both absolutely gorgeous and seem like such fun guys!!

Who the hell is the gray haired Asian dude with the killer tat on his left calf?? I need to know where you got your tattoo please and thanks

Is Ryan who walked in last year's RISD apparel fashion show single? Cause I'm down if you're down.

I am a senior and am literally down to scramble with anything.  hit me up boyzzzz

My and my super hot friend are looking for 1-2 (trash) playbois who will stick around until graduation. Anything between an bold ONE  and solid SIX welcome. Tag them Below :)

i may have never had a brown bears admirers post™ but i fucking love myself tag a bitch who is FEELING HERSELFFFFFFFF

All I'm saying is that Steven Char is a ZADDY--scramble??

Chris - I miss you now more than ever. I can't see spring without seeing you. I wonder how you've changed.

Chisom...Perservance was everything and you just slayyeeedd my whole soul!. I'll be first in line for the album but until then everyone check her out on soundcloud at Somichi! #NewBeyonceOnTheRise#INeedAnAutographNow

Okay, Alexis Rodriguez-Camacho. This is my 3rd BBA post about you. Please notice me. I want to take you out on a date. :)

Shivani Guturu - Hey, you're pretty cool, we should be friends
10516  -Give yourself a hug. You deserve it.

I'd like to take this moment to exalt the saint that blessed me with anonymous kombucha today. My soul really needed it.

Nico Montano - you are one in a million. This papito is extra as hell but one of the biggest sweethearts on this campus, y'all better hop on those fine legs peeping out from under those grandma cardigans.

Rachel Lee, will you marry me?

Niki Sanders - you are an extraordinary GCBetch. Witty, brilliant, and ridiculously kind, I'm so glad I've been able to get to know you better this semester!

Olivia Langley has the voice of a literal angel

my heart for real skips a beat when I see kevin ouyang!! ken in, you're so sweet and you have such a great smile :-)

Ly Dang is really cool and I want to be her friend so badly!

Rachel Schneider is 100% amazing -- such a hard worker, always looking out for others, crazy smart. Also she looks like Gillian Jacobs, so not only is she beautiful inside, but also beautiful outside!

To the Corays: You guys give me a reason to smile every day, and this team has become the best home on campus that I could ask for. Thanks for being the strongest and most welcoming group of ladies I know--so so much love for all of you (especially @seniors who are never graduating not ever)

MIA PATILLO YOU ARE SO CUTE WTF

Dear Alexandra,

A few nights ago in the List floor 2 studio, I had a  :0  time listening to the faintest echoes of infinity and tracing their paths with pen to canvas. C00L jumpsuit 2. Please hmtfu (hitmethefuckup) so I don't spend all of time regretting that I didn't get yo # so we can talk abt dis more.

Dear acquaintences of Alexandra's,

I do not know Alexandra well, but I would like to better. How do I describe her? She is a person devoted to infinity (yes, the thing that birthed all your dreams and nightmares). She has mannerisms, just like other people do. Short by my reckoning, white, brown hair. Spontaneous and braveminded.  That's all I got. Please lmk.

Alexander Skovron-Dow"

Cindy Won - You are so beautiful!!!

Maxwell Kozlov is so wonderful and so cute.

oh shit! nicole fegan is as cool as a crunchy rancho! one of those good good buds u hear so much about.

Tim Peltier, you single????

kelvin wong-- ask me out pleeeeaaaasseee!

Justin Zhang, your butt is like the peach emoji.

Boy in blue room sandwich line at 4pm. Grey outfit and green sneakers. You're very cute. I hope you have a nice day.

hannah tipperman you are such a joy to be around at all times!!! you never fail to make laugh and I love running into you on campus because it just lights up my day!

i find harrison and dennis to be i r r e s i s s t a b l e

can we do 'something' sometimee"

Erik Danie is so intelligent and super nice! Also his voice is dreamy. Seeing anybody? What's your type? A girl's gotta know

@10225 (who said ""I'm gonna marry that girl"") if you meant Raisa (in reference to another post about hair), you've got some competition buddy

may the best future so win"

I can only hope that one day people will think that I am as kind as Neville Dadina.

Eye contact with strangers because no one in my life loves me

GWEN EVERETTTTTT you are amazing!!!

Kasturi P. gurl yes. #queen #mami

Andrew Linder are you single and potentially open to scramblin?? this junior wants to know :o

Rose Lang-Maso is the most beautiful girl I've laid eyes on. Hope we can get to know each other better. ❤

is shun aizawa single?

I wish everyone knew how amazing Julia Sepulveda is. She's my #1 Julia (sorry to all the other Julias out there), and I hope she'll realize just how fantastic she is one day. <3

Shoutout to all the BuDS workers that are working for Spring Weekend! Your work is appreciated!

Lizzy actually most artistic hilarious cute underrated person in providence and doesn't even KNOW...wtf how is she still single?! cmon brown

I have a serious crush on one of my close friends, but I can't even consider asking them out because I'm non-monogamous and they're not and it'd make things incredibly awkward and can't possibly work out. >.>

Allie Greenberg (a_greenberg29) - thanks for helping me pass ARCH666 and graduate <3

Can we all take amount to appreciate how awesome Trisha Jain is? You're so sweet and so hardworking!

Stanley. Just. Wow.

harrison tran needs to stop getting so t h i c c c out here

To the guy with the Howard shirt on the green during Carnival, spring weekend scramble?

Saw Benjamin Vu in MacMillan today=day made

Is Mitch Franklin down to scramble? He's such a handsome wrestler.

A highlight of my week was passing by Carrie Adams giving her tour. Sad it will be no more :'(

Thea Monje, lowkey most multitalented woman on campus like HOW do you do so many things so well??

Lily Wright is so dreamy is she single?

Let's actually discuss Senior scramble protocol. (Feel free to add additional guidelines or revisions in the comments)

Rule 1: must include at least one senior in the scramble to be considered senior scramble (obvious)

Rule 2: no DMs! If you're gonna scramble, ask in person. No creepy messages.

Rule 3: Be Respectful. Goes without saying but if someone is not interested in you romantically, sexually, etc... leave them alone. Part of the scramble is just knowing that people are interested in you as a senior. Don't feel embarrassed because you'll probably never see them again tbh.

Rule 4: Make clear your intentions. Do you wanna date? Do you wanna fuck? Do you just wanna get to know one another? As someone who has been scrambling with seniors since I was a freshman, understanding one another's intentions can prevent heartbreak.

Rule 5: Stay safe. Practicing safe sex and proper hygiene is important. Get checked before deciding to sex scramble. Also, choosing an appropriate time to ask a senior is important as well (while not on substances)

Rule 6: Be very conscious of your assertions of another person's identity. Don't assume another person's gender, sexuality, etc. And, if you find the situation appropriate (I'll leave this up to the comments because I'm also not sure), ask them.

Rule 7: Have fun! You are amazing individuals. Enjoy your senior spring.

Please look out for events this week on consent, respect, and bodily autonomy. And remember there are resources available to you on campus.

With love,
Buddy

When I feel like my ego has expanded far beyond reason I look at Bethany Hung's profile picture to remember what aesthetic and intellectual perfection looks like. It also reminds me of my father's looks of disapproval :/

Gregory Carlin,

YOU ARE BHHHAAAAADDDDDD"

I saw Professor Hazeltine on a bike yesterday. Nice body

Brunette in the front right of cs 22, I think you're really cute. Not sure why I've never tried talking to you.

I like you, but I'm not allowed to.

Willem in Improvidence is super cute and funny! I hope you guys have another show soon!

Benjamin Vu, I'm sad that we won't be in the same dorm next year :'(

Alejandra, you a real one.

katherine dunham hot as the sun

To the lucky girls who get all the guys, props

Chloe Kibbel... down to scramble???

Ian Bowers...GAH what a sweet, cute, all around awesome guy. I definitely have a little crush on you :P Get to know him before he leaves people!!!

Neville, hot dayuuum those glass-cut beer bottles that you've been making! I'd love to go glass-cutting and water-sipping with, hmu hmu <3

Jaime Marks, your smile lights up a room <3. I am thankful for you

PSA: you don't have to be doing anything you don't want to be

David Paasche you seem like a very nice and involved person. Keep up the good work and be true to yourself and great things will come your way in life. I'd love to be your friend someday, it would be pretty litty titty. Peace and love

Stephanie, you looked super cute at Jo's. I also miss hearing your laughter in CompSci. Please come back to class.

Who's the girl with the short hair and green sweater cashiering joes Friday 21st at around 9:30??

To my fellow TA's - I'm waiting till after the finals to start following up on some of these BBA posts. How about you?

Damn Andy Phammmmm , you're so cute when u ask me to buy u stuff- I love it

Where the fuck is Lotus Pepper? I wanna see some hunky August Seabrooke

Bebe is super cool and funny. Single?

To my BDSM enthusiasts (not the weak meme page) -
Where can I get some quality handcuffs? Senior scramble has taken too much of my gear as victims."

Jorge Sanchez is the most supportive and wonderful human being and i hope he knows how much he brightens everyone's dayyy <33

shoutout to all the redheads out there!
you're rare but appreciated ♥️"

Sooo. Now that the end of term is near, when is it acceptable to start hitting on one's TA? Wait until next term? Asking for a friend

Spencer - Nice to meet you at the GCB on Wednesday. Can I buy you a drink next time?

Thank you Lauren Maunus for always being there

Vlad Barbulica: I am the most impatient person until I see you again, and then again, and again. Your perfectly shaped body, your smile, your talkative character and all the positive energy you bring around have just completely conquered my thoughts. I think people need to appreciate your presence even more.
"9777 -Dan Roque,

We rarely make mutual eye contact, but I just wanted to say that you are beautiful.

Sincerely,
A friend of a friend

*Do we have to draw the most accurate phylogenetic tree?*
*I would.*"

the tall guy in dark green shirt working at the ivy room wednesday evening around 8pm. i see you, boy i see you

Rohil B we don't know each other but I think you're cute and and would love to get to know you better! Seeing anyone?

Tory Hoffmeister may know how to stop our planet from warming, but she sure can't stop warming my heart!

Gee Sup - never talked to you in person but we are friends on fb and DAMN. Single?

Lucas Tesler your guitar work is beautiful and made doing homework a lot nicer. Keep it up, you're a star

Ugur Basmaci has the very best smile

Brian Cohn

You can body roll my way any day ;) scramble?"

To my ex:

Thank you for breaking up with me. Helped me realize what I wanted in my life and relationships, and I ended up stronger for it. :D"

Guy wearing the sky blue shorts at the Scili's mezzanine at 10:40 pm...who are you you handsome bundle of delicious man meat

Ethan,

You, me, and Josh? Sam too, maybe?"

I don't know what's happening with Lena and Christian but they are super cute together!!

taiko, you are all amazing. Gravity changed my life

Kelly Carey-Ewend, you single?

Ji Hwang -- you're so cute.

Thank you darling for singing to me while I ate my pizza at Andrews tonight. You may have been drunk, happy, or trying to not third wheel your friends. I just hope you know you are the most beautiful thing I've seen all week.

shout out to jason goettisheim for writing relatable brown bears admirers posts

Joanna podias, ~Wowee~

Shreya Ramayya is one of the kindest, most brilliant people I have met at Brown. I wish she knew how amazing she is :)

To the girl who wants her feet licked, HMU!

Catherine Dunham, single???????

dennis chau is a cutie with a booty

Thursday night Andrews cashier

I've heard at least 1 person cry during both of my CS midterms, and I just want to say it's going to be ok!! It is really rough when you feel like you don't know anything on the test/are failing/will fail/are afraid of failing. I at least am not judging you, I know how it feels, don't worry too much <3 And no one has the right to judge either bc we don't know what you're going through and honestly just showing up and trying to do CS is crazy hard and courageous. Best of luck.

Maedin Abegaz is honestly just incredible.. she's SUCH a hard worker and a truly stunningly beautiful human inside and out and i wish i was 1/2 as inspiring and badass as her

god damn the green converse guy can squat

Michael Gold has to be one of the sweetest guys on this campus. Period. (Side note, he's also cute af)

To the person who served me extra curry at Ivy room tonight - thanks for brightening my day!!

ethan is my fav part of rise of china

To the girl in Faunce study lounge on Wednesday wearing a sweater with blue and white stripes and jeans, and working on a laptop with a pink case, you are STUNNING! I think this was around 5 pm but tbh time might have stopped when you walked in

eric mi and jungho gong are goals by far the cutest couple on campus

People have been throwing a lot of shade at Student athletes lately, but you deserve so much praise for everything you do. You belong at Brown and you contribute so much to the community. Much love and respect to you all!

Sam Wong is such a cool kid - witty, compassionate, and with a beautiful smile to boot.

Tyco Mera Evans whenever I see you in the blue room Thursday mornings my heart sings, you can butter my muffins any day you want

Drew To, we are super glad to have you representing our voice in UFB. Keep it going!

To the blonde girl who ran to the shuttle from the Rock last night (Monday night) at around 11:30 - you're adorable, can you identify yourself please?

Jessica Jiang is a star

You're one of my favorite people at brown"

Y'all sleeping on Thoralf Island, literally one of the cutest/friendliest/nicest/most important people here at Brown <3 <3 <3

Shout-out to FA E-Board! Ya'll are amazing and wonderful and ughhh much love <3 <3 <3

Can I just say how much I'm excited for the Badmaash show????!!!!!!!!

Y'all are superstars and can't wait to clap it up. Can you please do the song with the genies again?"

Allie Doyle, you are one of the most ridiculously attractive and incredibly talented individuals that I've ever met. You probably don't remember me much since I haven't done much work with SOTG  (The last thing I did was the previous 24 hour plays, not the most recent one), but you definitely have an admirer out here. I know you're a senior, but if you're looking to get to know someone new- lunch sometime?

ריאה סטארק הוא פנינה

wow, the Indy staff is so hot and talented. is it possible to be in love with 60 people at once? I think I might be

Emma Margulies, just wanted to give you a shoutout that's very deserved! Know that you've been stressing lately, but everything will be alright! You're a ray of light! hang in there :)

Jordan Hodder you're hotter than hell

BJB bassist who filled in for Amanda tonight at the Monty Alexander concert, (1) you were so damn good! and (2) who are you??

the person who played Cousin Kevin in Tommy looked amazing in that leather jacket and lipstick!!! gosh

Kristina Lowndes- You are a ray of sunshine. You're also just about the funniest person I know, you're beautiful, and you're loyalty to your friends is something to be deeply admired. You're the total package and DONT' YOU FORGET IT ❤️️

Thank you Monica for making my Nudity in the Upspace experience fantastic! I was so nervous when I showed up, but I was inspired by your confidence and left feeling empowered!

Amélie is so cute, especially when she talks about fish. Are you single?

To Naveen - I didn't have my glasses on so I didn't recognize you walking towards me earlier. My friends really support you, so I wanted to wish you luck on your campaign!!

is wendy rogers single now

Huge shout out to the cast, crew, and production team of BOP's Tommy!  You all fucking rock!

Jake Jackson is one of the sweetest and most genuine individuals I've ever met in my life. And most intelligent. AND best-looking. *AND* most humble. **AND** funniest. ***AND*** most musically talented. ****AND**** –

Laura is a Hallmark Card. She's the sweetest person at Brown <3

Bayley wells is an amazing person and great friend, you light up my life!!!! Thanks for being the best.

To the runner in pink at the 257 gym on Friday who laughed at me when I knocked my phone off the treadmill – I hope you enjoyed the show ;)

Thank you to my fire alarm for not snitching all those times I smoked in my room lol

Erik Danie - your skill at eating grapefruits is unparalleled

Juliana Kim and Isaac Kim - Threesome? ;)

Joe Vukel is a daddy <3

can we go on a date?"

I've become a much happier and more confident person. I think you would be proud of me, if we still talked. Sometimes I wish you would have met this version of me first, and then maybe it would have worked out differently. But thank you for letting me go and giving me the room I needed to grow.

@Victor Alvarez- how does one get to know you?

Caleb O'Brien-you've got one of the best smiles I've ever seen and you are just so nice. I'd like to see if the rest of you is just as nice ;)

Juan Colin, can I see you grab your crotch again

"8447 -Yamileth is everything

You may be going through a lot but you're been pressured before and turned into gold"

Gaby Martinez! You are so cute and I get so happy when I see you from across the room. You just seem so fun and positive and nice to people!

Can we all please just take a minute to appreciate Chris Wong and what a great guy he is? Like, for real? I am completely baffled as to how he hasn't been snatched up yet: he's smart as a whip, a fantastic listener, a great dresser, and has an amazing sense of humor. He's one of the strongest people I know, and his strength inspires me every time I talk to him. Also, he gives amazing hugs.

Sam Lin-Sommer only needs to walk by and I'm already weak at the knees and fumbling over my words. And each time all I've ever done is watch him walk right on by

Brown Donut Club, thanks for the fritters!!!!

insomnia cookies <3

Eric Komatsu—not all heroes wear capes. Some are just really good guys. Missing you on campus this semester.

To everyone struggling with an abusive relationship:

When I tell you you deserve the world, I mean it. Yes, YOU. You deserve someone to love you unconditionally. You deserve kindness and softness and joy. You deserve to feel safe and valued. You deserve to feel special.

When I tell you that you deserve the world, I mean it. You might not be able to see that right now, but take my word for it -- there is someone out there who will love you and cherish you. And until then, may loving yourself be enough.

--a worried friend"

Oh Maya Menefee,
You make me wanna pee
.....because you're so beautiful <3"

I am thankful for the Brown employees that had to show up to work today

Robert Lee - I think/hope everyone on campus knows how talented you are by now, but I wanted to take a minute to also point out that you are also a generous and loyal friend, a thoughtful and passionate advocate, and a dedicated listener. Thank you for treating everyone around you with kindness and compassion, and always setting the best example - you are the definition of a pillar of the Brown community.

Mili, I'm in badmaash and I can't stop watching you dance. I love your cute, slight, Indian accent. You are fineee

Brianna Kendall - every time I see you, my heart gets a fever, even in this terribly cold weather. I hope you enjoyed this very special snow day ;) I'm so happy I could spend and celebrate it with you <3

Roja, jiggle to closer with me? You light up every dancefloor you step on

We've been together for 11 months now and I know I know there are times when I don't appreciate you enough. Sometimes those day-to-day struggles and little frustrations get in the way of remembering what made us right for each other in the first place. But those struggles are also met with those little moments of discovery and those small joys along the way that I know have made this journey worth it for both of us. We're in this together, and are stronger and better off for it. And I know that's the only way I'd ever have it...

Shout out to being so close to finishing my thesis."

Salma just slays my whole life tbh

To the girl Shannin with an ""i""-you're so nice and gorgeous and funny!! I always want to say hi to you but I'm too shy and you're always with friends whenever I see you, but I wanted you to know I think you're pretty rad.

From the kid in Math + Jameson"

@cs 4 tas you are all perfect thank you for being you

Mark Séjourné, I know this just another BBA post for you, but I think you're extremely cute and would love to go out sometime. <3 This could be our song: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ	Rick Astley - Never Gonna Give You Up

Paola Jimenez, can we please please PLEASE become best friends? This isn't even fair. you're too cool!!!!!!

Mariacarla (MC) Doval: you're the most beautiful girl I've ever seen

To anyone out there worrying about the future, you are not alone. I'm right here with you. It. Is. So. Fucking. Scary. Let's hang in there together because there is so much love all around us and I'm positive it is sending us good vibes.

damn An Zhou is so beautiful and out of my league :/ how do I approach her ?

Any single guys out there looking for an independent, hardworking woman who loves to talk about intersectional feminism, travel, international relations, and politics?

Emily Blatt's voice gives me life.

Can jackson dobronyi  just fuck me already?

Stop playing

Haley & Arish are literally the best SJPECs <3 <3

Thank-you for all that yall do!"

you're in Cuba rn with no wifi Jackson but i was just thinking about how I have never seen you get a post and how wrong that is. thanks for never giving up on me and for always putting down whatever you're doing to help me feel better. thanks for always being so patient and for making me feel so valued. College has been such a weird time for me especially our sophomore year but you've turned so many of those shitty days into memories. Thanks for being so spontaneous and dragging me to random events i didn't want to go to. I haven't regretted one of them, ever. Thanks for still being my friend even when i brought you to my house over spring break freshman year and proceeded to try to stay inside the whole time doing homework... I told you there was nothing to do in my town and that i was so swamped and anxious, and you found a couple of old bikes in the garage and we biked miles in the freezing cold, and it was one of the best days of my life. Thanks for insisting I get the stupid chat app so i can video chat you in Cuba and then using your 30 minutes of allotted wifi a day to talk to me in the ratty about my health. Thanks for all the mornings sophomore year you dragged me to keeney gym to do P90X videos with your laptop in the corner while everyone else stared at us. Thanks for always going the extra mile to introduce me to people, no matter the scenario. You've never wanted to be my friend because of social status or because i hung out with the same people that you did. You've always taken an interest in me as a human being and it's really made a huge impact on my life-- whenever my depression was at its worst, I always felt good knowing that you cared. If no one else really did, you'd always be there for me, no matter who or where I was, and I've relished that reassurance. There are probably a couple of people that I could say this about, but I know FOR SURE that I wouldn't still be at Brown without you. I can't wait until you're back and i can give you one giant ass hug, homie. So here's to you, the most selfless, curious, and genuine person I've ever met. No one ever gave you any awards to put on your resume for all of this. You never got paid. So thanks for the all the unconditional, radical love, Jack.

Kobe Pereira's unapologetic dance moves in Andrews make me so happy. Please keep slaying

Chantal Toupin, I am so thankful to have you in my life.

Everytime I leave Brown I realize how much I love Dominican men

Viva Sandoval is by far one of the most talented, sweetest, stunningly gorgeous, and refreshingly HUMBLE people I've ever met in my entire life. I continue to be inspired by her existence (and her dance moves) every single day. Keep kicking the world's ass angel ❤️️ you've got this

Deijah Williams, you made my falafel wrap earlier tonight and I couldn't help but notice how cute you are. You also make great falafel wraps.

On another note, I just learned I am a huge fan of the word falafel.

Falafel."

Alfonso Vigliero your forearm is smoother than a recently sanded block of maple wood

Thoralf, I am inlove with your hair <3

Devin Howard-wow wen can we meet up? i been really wanting to get to know you lol

Can't a guy find someone to just do freaky things with in the bedroom?  Like really freaky...

Jack Chen, into guys?

Chris Kim, be single again :(

I am crowd sourcing my dating prospects. Tag the cutest single girl you know.

girl in the rock with the bumblebee tattoo and blonde hair - what is ur name and who u be with

Alex Catoya thank you for being so fun, happy, and bright. You never fail to brighten up a room with your personality. This is an appreciation poem for all that you are <3

C ash me outside
A nd call me maybe
T ell me your secrets
O h dear
Y ou are stunning
A lex catoya"

Kylen Soriano you make my heart smile

Tag a friend that you appreciate

I want Vinu Raman to make seeet love to me ❤

shoutout to the people running the music at andrews wednesday from 10-11!! pitbull made my day y'all rock

to the girls who stole the brick doorstop from jo's - amazing.

Margi Weiss lights up my day every time I see her. Find me someone more adorable than her (that's right, you can't)!!

To the boy who sat down in my empty room in Faunce last night and pulled glasses out of a case to do work.. I regret not introducing myself-- coffee?

Randi Richardson, you're presence is absolutely electric and you have to one of the nicest people I know on this campus.

Wow. The Poler Bears are spectacular-- can't wait to see them perform this Friday

Shout out to all the Chem 350 TAs - y'all are amazing and thank you so much.

To country music - you'll always have me

Does Sam Cohen know she's stunning and amazing, or should I ask her out and tell her?

Does Misha Stone wanna scramble? I might be a little too late for this.

ALLISON NICOLE- You make my days better.

Boy with your initials engraved on your beautiful leather bag at the mailroom! :-) I want to know you!

Alex V, know that I treasure you as an RPL. I treasure you as a person who is always there for me. Know that I live to watch your snapchat zoom-in stories; for your crazy socks; and for your big room (among other big things).

Know that you are strong cutie <3"

I miss Drew Friedler. Truly one of the best dudes I know

Dear girl in all black Converse at Nelson around 10:00 AM last Saturday. You were killing those deadlifts and you're super cute! I didn't want to interrupt your workout, but I would love to get to know you!

I LOVE MY RIGHT HAND

Nora Lee I don't know you but you are absolutely stunning

giovanni Scarlatti, You are my basic bitch

I LOVE MY VIBRATOR

To the clean-cut guy with light red hair sitting near the entrance to the scili cafe on Sunday evening (the 5th) - thanks for looking up and smiling as I walked past. You have kind eyes and that interaction brightened my evening.

julie pham, are you single or nah?

Nomvula is the best. Be my queen

Mark Séjourné - you are literally the reason I started questioning my sexuality. Single?

Sebastian Fleming-Dresser es un papasote. ❤ Make love to me

I don't know how I got lucky enough to have Rob Chambliss as a friend, but I am so grateful that I did, because he is one of the most thoughtful, kind, and supportive people I've ever met. And he doesn't just care about his friends, but he consistently *shows* his care to a degree that blows me away. He's never ostentatious or looking for praise, he just honestly wants to make sure that his friends are happy and doing well. I'm more grateful for him than I can say!

Thank you for enjoying this with me. Sorry I missed my chance

ana lucia is ridiculously beautiful

Xe, your soul and smile always make my day. I am looking forward to many more conversations!

Tag an RPL that you appreciate <3

Tall blonde guy teching In the Heights,

 I love you, who are you???

Girl who wants to see you out of those blacks."

I think I'm in love with the Piragua Guy

Carlo Ladd's drum beating skills seem very versatile

To all the queer black folx at Brown and RISD,

I love you ALL. Literally. Thank you for being the community I've wanted since coming into my queerness. Even if I don't know you, even if we've never met, I love you and your mere existence is a gift I will treasure even after I leave Brown. From the bottom of my heart, thank you!

Also, Kobe, you are so lit I literally can't deal"

I still Love you, but I won't tell you that because I know you are happy with someone else.

to the first-year who played Daniela in "In The Heights" what the actual FUCK get to broadway asap we r not worthy

To my future husband, @Brendan Caputo : i know you already graduated but i wanted to wish you a happy birthday! you shine like the light from the sun ;)

How do I confess to a senior, especially one that's really popular?

I'm in love with everyone on Brown Badmaash

To the guy making tacos at Ivy room tonight who was also in A Raisin in the Sun (and killed it) -- ty for the great tacos and P.S. ur real cute

To the Asian male who looks really really really similar to Chris Kim,

I respect you. :)"

I love that when I talk to Udoka she has this subtle way of making me feel comfortable and important in who I am

Sean Pazurchek,

Happy Birthday, you sexy dad."

It is really annoying how we are currently living in a country where immigrants call others immigrants. USA is made of immigrants. We are actually asswholes bc we made the native Americans a minority while they were the majority. Stopppp it dude.

Ethan Morelion, for $10.99 you can hit it from behind.

I just need to take a second to celebrate Char Tisch, because she hasn't had a post on here in too long. Char is a gem - Brown is incredibly lucky to have such a kind, generous, brilliant, beautiful, and loyal friend on campus. <3

Hey, relax. I want to talk to you too. We will make it happen

Anna Hunt- I have a crush on you so bad I don't know what to do

After hours of solitude spent stressing about the pending homework assignments looming over my head, you never fail to put a smile on my face. Your silly gestures and hot temper always manage to squeeze a laugh out of me. I will never forget the day I first laid eyes on you and welcomed you into my life. I'll love you always...Naruto.

To everyone still trying to love themself. To everyone afraid of going to CAPS. To everyone who wants help but doesn't know where to find it. Being here is hard for you. And that is okay

To the guy I always see in the SciLi basement during the morning wearing obnoxious red jackets or shirts-- who are you? You're cute. I think I saw you wearing a class of 2018 hoodie once...

I know training with the Visoreds can be frustrating, Ichigo! Don't worry, I'm sure you'll manage to rescue Orihime somehow!

John Metz is a DILF

Rushil and Shivani - too cute ;)

Ann Marie Nicholson I wish I knew you better because you seem like a wonderful person

Sunny Snell you *brighten* my day ☀️

Nora Ellmann in the fusion show tho

I don't know why or how, but all of Buxton's presidents are always so damn hot! Turkey, Pakistan and Spain, well done.

@7380 shoutout to everyone who is not an axe murderer, thank u for protecting our communities ❤

Kevin Haggerty is a beautiful boy with dope glasses. Are you single??!

Attayah Douglas, you were magnificent in the Fusion show. Literally a joy to watch

To Edan Eingal,
You reek of spicy nachos and I dig it. Where can a gal take you out for taco sauces? I have salsas"

Kudrat Wadhwa is the reason I wake up everyday

Ajjjjjjja
Let's scrambel"

Nikki Tully
When I look into in your eyes, I think about these fries

I love you"

@FusionDanceCompany

That spoken word dance piece right before the interlude was one of the most beautiful pieces I have ever seen. Massive shoutout to the dancers and choreographers, y'all are beautiful.

On a side note, does anyone know what the names are of the spoken word poems used in the performance?"

My mother wouldn't be proud to hear the things I want to do Isaiah Bryant

@7200 just ask!!!! don't be shy you never know what could happen :D

Jay Khurana is absolute dynamite in bed.

Tag a sexy korean

cashier at jo's tonight (thursday) at around 9pm, you're cute as hell, what's your name? Are you single?

Tag a friend that needs a girlfriend

Nikki Tully: Thank you for going out of your way to ensure Brown has access to good fried chicken. Getting the food truck to come to Waterman today was amazing. You are a true fried chicken connoisseur, a goddess among women, a light in the darkness that is a Brown campus without fried chicken. God is good for bringing you to Brown.

When I heard one of the Kim twins was dating, I felt my world collapse. But then I heard it was Chris, and I could breathe again. Danny Kim, stay single ;)

Tag a friend who needs to shave their "beard"

Steven Liao has amazing hair and a beautiful face to match. You're honestly one of my favorite things about tea talks

Jessica Jiang is so amazing! Not only is she cute, smart, and responsible af, but also is always ready to call out nonsense <3 <3

Pineapple on pizza ❤

To my friend turned more-than-friend turned friend: I hope you don't mind my occasional drunk text or attempt to connect with you. I know I made the decision to take a step back, but I can't help how I feel about you. Sometimes I think that you're the only one I've really connected with in a long time, so it's hard to let you go. I hope you like being around me as much as I like being around you.

Dear CS22 TAs esp. subset {Nate, Arun, Noah}
you have my heart, always.

~smitten CS22 student"

I just made eye contact with the possible love of my life at starbucks but was too nervous to say anything. rip

Louis Wei I am very much attracted to your cologne.

Anna Hundert, I don't know you, but that was an awesome article on La La Land.

Omg Leon lei (I think?) is so cute

There aren't words to describe how wonderful Bita Shooshani is: literally an angel sent from heaven.

Leah Nakishima my admiration of you is almost as hard as your rice krispy treats were

To Caroline from the Ratty,

Help me finish my crossword!"

Saanya Jain is highkey bae

Liza Yeager: into girls and single?

I miss you, winter break. </3

David Wang 2020 hmu

Benjamin Vu date me?!

Pauline Bagatelas, you are absolutely gorgeous, brilliant, inspiring, kind all at once. Thank you for being there for me since day 1 and for showing me what it's like to be cared for by someone who truly wants the best for me (and who I wish the most marvelous things in life for). I love you, my dearest. The world is so so blessed to learn from you and watch you glow. Te quiero mucho por siempre <3

Much love to all the people who may feel lonely because they lack the constant validation of a relationship. You're still sexy. Keep on killin it

Kairy — you're amazing in legit every way. Your skater and Nicaraguense pride give me life.

Viet Nguyen is not only incredibly beautiful, but going to change the world. <3

To the girl with the long blonde hair and button black coat walking on the main green today (Wednesday) and lip syncing to your music: you are so beautiful and you looked so cute and into your music and I would love to hear you sing that song out loud :)

Hannah Kierszenbaum you're flawless

Business fish - thanks for being such a big part of my life, for being perfectly applicable to every situation, for being my to-go response, and for so much more.

To memes,

ty for all the humor"

Alexis Berry, Anna Stacy, Nicole Martinez and Talia Dutton

You know I'm a sap and I have zero problems telling you how much I love you. Somehow though, I can't bring myself to tell y'all this in person because I'll probably start crying and get all emotional and blah blah blah. Thank you for accepting, encouraging and normalizing my questioning and budding sexuality this past semester. After coming from home where I had to not just stifle my queerness but defend the very concept of same-sex attraction to my family, I appreciate your acceptance that much more. You made it so much easier for me to accept the changes that were happening in my life and you know I hate change with all my heart. Thanks for letting me gush about all my crushes (especially THE one lmao) and generally be as queer as my little rainbow heart desires - especially Anna, Nicole and Talia since you're kinda trapped in the same space with me. If home is where the heart is then you kickass women are my home. Hurry back to Brown please, I miss you.

Love,
I think it's pretty obvious who this is but if you bring it up in person, I might deny it because this is so goddamn sappy."

This one goes out to all the wingwomen out there... keep doin you

Mike Panepinto - Always remember. You can be the juiciest peach in the world but there'll always be someone who doesn't like peaches

Alvaro Zamora - I'll workout with you tho

Adam Vieira -  I hunted you down on Facebook and finally found your last name! We don't really know each other, but thank you for stopping and giving me a hug at the sci li during finals. I was a sobbing mess and really needed that human gesture. Hope to see you around next semester so I can thank you in person

s/o to everyone who's tired of being miserable and doing as much as they can to push against that

@Christian Lansang
Oh what we could have been... now you're just an untouchable memory in my broken heart"

Alvaro Zamora

I've been posting for a while and there's no way you're single. You're the full package Of all the hunks with brains around you're the best kept secret ;) Oooooh Alvaro how the thought of you runs through me but I just can't do it! Know that whatever you're doing, you're doing absolutely right. Whoever that special someone will be will have to be a very special somebody indeed. *faints in spanish*"

Frederick Williams, you're really cute. That is all I have to say.

If you're into me, message me first

To Evan Pandya in the sci li on the 3rd floor with glasses and brown hair: you have a sweet backpack

@5524 and 5510 (the two posts about liking someone who likes you back but being afraid to ask them out) - I'm sure this post applies to a lot of people and my advice is to just go for it, ask them out! I did and it worked out! Being open & communicative is always the best option, rather than playing waiting games or doubting yourself. It's not that scary, I promise :)

Googly eyes for Haris Menon at the gym. Low key one of the hardest workings and level headed boys I know. Keep grinding <3

how did we get so lucky as to have dean almandrez at brown? love her!

I kinda have a crush on Celia Ford and would love to ask her out. But I don't think she has any idea who I am. Regardless, I think she's smart, has great taste in music, and is incredibly cute.

So, Celia, keep doing you. Maybe I'll work up the courage at some point."

to eustace - don't worry what other people say, i forgive you for not returning the slab

Even though we broke up a couple of months ago, I see you everywhere; the movies we used to watch together, the songs we used to dance to, the paths we used to walk together. Such a large part of me still loves you, hopes that I will get a message from you, hopes that we can get back together. But you are happier now than you ever were with me, and all I ever wanted was for you to be happy. So, as I am too broken to ever do this in person: You deserve the world, and I hope you get it too. Thank you for everything, the experiences, the love, the affection that I never realized I desired. If you ever need me, I'll be here. Happy Holidays

Cristina Taylor, the way you play cello is just sexual. Seriously though, you're one of the prettiest girls on campus and I'm convinced you're an angel. Any chance you're single and willing to give a guy a chance?

Hemant Kadiamada -- you can still get these buns if u want, yknow. <3

Marie Baker is the loveliest girl.

Maria Averkiou - I already miss your wonderful presence, brilliant mind, and heartwarming laughter, even though I'm used to appreciating you from afar. I hope the new year makes you see the inner and outer beauty that I see every time I look at you.

I haven't talked to you in a while but, I still think about you from time to time. Even though it didn't work out, you're still special to me. I hope you're doing well and that we cross paths in the future :)

Molly Naylor, dang bb you a 10

Shivaali Maddali -- I think you're insanely cute. Even if you do like Tom Brady. Scramble?

So Katelynn Pan you single or nah?

I've seen a couple of alumni post recently, with their stories about how they found love at Brown. This is nice, and I'm so happy for those people. But I have a slightly different story. I did NOT find love at Brown, nor did I ever have a boyfriend, or kiss a boy, or even go on a date. This wasn't for my lack of interest - I don't identify as asexual or anything like that - but I just never found anyone to my liking. And also, I was majoring in chemistry and pre-med, so academics, volunteer opportunities, and research took up a lot of my time. Between graduating with a 3.9 GPA, becoming an editor at the BDH, and achieving my lifelong goal of getting into med school (right out of undergrad), I frankly didn't have time to achieve that level of intimacy during my years at Brown.

Which doesn't mean that I didn't enjoy my college years. I made so many good friends, tried a lot of great food on Federal Hill, and came out of my undergrad experience a better, smarter, and kinder person. Sure, I felt bad sometimes, especially during Campus Dance when I didn't have any one person to take the slow songs with, but I always told myself that my lack of love wasn't from a lack of lovability. And I think it'd be good to remind people of that - you don't need a #BrunoLoveStory to make your Brown story beautiful.

P.S. I have had a couple boyfriends since, but still looking for the one!"

To the girl working the B&H cafe who let me get a free muffin during my final because I didn't have my wallet on me - you are a beautiful soul

I'm convinced that Rebecca Handa can get through any obstacle life throws at her....

Katelynn Pan - one of the prettiest and nicest girls one could ever hope to know :)

CW/TW: sexual assault

This is for everyone who -like me a couple of weeks ago- has looked at this page and seen an admiring post about their assailant or someone who has caused them harm. I admire you for waking up every morning that you can. I admire the strength you should never have had to have or demonstrate. We do not deserve what happened to us, and we do not deserve to read  kind words about people who abused us and treated us inhumanely. You are admired and you are not alone."

To all of the students who just got out of the Orgo II final:

Some moons ago, I, too, was a student of organic chemistry at Brown. Before that, though, I was a student in CHEM0330 as a bright-eyed, hopeful freshman at Brown. I was pretty decent at chemistry in high school, and I was a hard worker, so I figured that things would be okay in CHEM0330. First exam rolled around, and it was a repeat of a lot of things from AP Chemistry. q=mc∆t? First law of thermodynamics? No problem! Second exam rolls around, and I get absolutely annihilated. I got a 37/82, a full two standard deviations below the mean.

I was mortified. I told myself there was no way I belonged at Brown, that there was no way I could be successful in the hard sciences, that there was no way I would ultimately get into medical school. I absolutely hustled my ass to do well on the final exam—which I did—but came up short and squarely got a B in what was supposed to be a "relatively easy" chemistry course relative to organic chemistry. Given the hype surrounding orgo, I assumed that, if I couldn't get an A in CHEM0330, there was no way I would get an A in CHEM350/0360, and my philosophy going forward was "just don't get a C."

From the first day I shuffled myself into one of the too-rough seats in MM117, I toiled away at the material in orgo, only to find a couple weeks later that I couldn't even draw basic benzene resonance structures in a group tutoring session. Everyone else knew what was going on. I had a nightmare about drawing resonance structures that night, and the next morning, I spent the whole day learning how to draw resonance structures in a frenzy. It was a mess, but I worked really, really hard, and I managed to do well (even if just barely) in both courses over the next year.

Big deal, though, right? That's not really what you want to hear. Maybe you're worried about *failing* the course, or getting a C, or maybe you're the kind of person who's really worried about getting a B in the course. I understand that grades are real and that they matter, so I'm not going to disingenuously tell you that everything is going to be perfect even if you fail. What I do want to say, though, is this: Now that I'm on the outside looking in, I can tell you that these aren't the moments that should define your self-worth or your mental health. I had a wonderful time at Brown, but one of the things that always bothered me was that it was very easy for academic failures to be lonely experiences and for people to become wholly consumed by them. It shouldn't be this way, and we shouldn't promote that culture of toxicity. If you get the grade you want in orgo, I'm happy for you, and you should be proud of yourself. If you don't, though, you should know that others have been there before, and that your identity is not bookended by the first and last numbers of your Banner ID and the grades that come with it.

For me, the moments that really defined me and my experiences at Brown came after orgo. I went on to become a popular and effective TA, solely because I knew what it was like to struggle with the material and because I wanted to be a source of support for students who frequently felt like it wasn't there. I wasn't perfect at it, but I'd like to think that, if someone else got a 37/82 on a chemistry exam, they'd be comfortable with coming and talking to me about it. TAing was one of the most rewarding things I've ever done in my life, and I don't think I would have gotten into it had I not previously stumbled along my academic journey.

I hope that you, too, find things that bring you meaning and fulfillment while you're at Brown. They aren't far away, and it's never too late to find those things. If you're feeling down about orgo or academic setbacks in general, please reach out to a TA, a friend, a loved one, or anyone else you trust.

I'm available, too. Just send me a message. You might already know me! You haven't already forgotten my bad puns, have you?

Yours always,
Abid"

James Williams single or nah?

love to myself and everyone out there who struggles with anxiety, who feels paralysed by the combined brunt of finals and cannot meet deadlines, who has to keep asking professors for accommodations and keep apologising and keep explaining their mental health issues (while feeling scared that they may be disregarded as excuses or laziness), and who is really fucking exhausted.

your struggles are legitimate. you are not alone. you are absolutely worthy and loved. you will get through this. <3"

Eugene Kim--

Wooo, you did it!  Happiness and sadness mingle together at your leaving, but so proud of what you have accomplished!  Thanks for helping to keep me sane, and being an overall amazing friend.  Can't wait to see what the future holds for you!  I'm sure whatever it throws at you, you will handle it with grace, sophistication, and all those other God-given talents and characteristics that you possess.  Good luck in the next steps of your life."

Adam Moreno...bottle blonde or not, *I* still fucking love you

Julia Kirschenbaum- I always appreciate your ability to laugh at everything. And you have a TERRIFIC laugh! Thanks for being a great friend!

Chien Teng - simply the best. Stay beautiful!

I still think about you all the time. All my friends push me to get over you because you never really treated me right and had your own shit to deal with, but I just can't I don't know why. I always hope one day you'll feel the same, but I know you probably won't ever. I miss you and hope you're well.

Tiana Acosta: You rock!!!!! You're an inspiration to everyone around you!

Leland Kirshen- you seem like a really cool dude and I wish we were better friends

Lil Jo's cashier on Friday, 12/16 around 7:30,

I couldn't take my eyes off your thick, lustrous, dark brown chest hair. Dinner sometime? Cuffing season is dawning and I would love for you to be my Brown Bear ;)"

Emily Borkowski - You are a fantastic friend (even if you're just in it for the meal credits), a great study buddy who isn't afraid to call me out on my bullshit when I need it, and just overall a wonderful, funny, bubbly person. You've gotten me through more than one day this semester, and I don't think I've really thanked you properly. You're the best. Have an awesome winter break.

If I could be born into a different body it would be Amy Chen's

To all of the folks who have a bunch of finals today and these next few days  (especially for those with Physics, Immuno, Physio, Neural Systems, and/or Orgo)

Y'all are gonna rock it because y'all are smart, bright, and amazing individuals."

Sam who lives in Harkness 3rd floor - I love when you play music!! I hear it as I walk to the bathroom to brush my teeth in the morning sometimes, and it literally brightens my day.

me @ myself

stop looking for your name everyday, there are so many people that love you, and you dont need an anonymous post to know that"

Ben Owens-- what a fucking rock. You give me strength everyday, and your resilience is so inspiring and admirable. I look up to you so much- your heart is in the right place, and my love for you is infinite. Thanks man <3

Tag the best dude you know who's all about cheap dates, healthy and open expression of emotions, replying to texts, and uh, enjoying nature

thanks! from someone trying to scope out her Options"

To all the students in CS33, congratulations on finishing this class! You are all amazing and I hope you're proud of everything you've accomplished because I'm wildly proud of each and every one of you! The amount of work y'all put in is incredible and the way y'all worked together and helped each other is something that always made me smile.

P.S If you're still working on things for the course, YOU ARE AMAZING! You can do this!!! You can! You can! Keep your head up and know that there are folks who are here to support you <3

Y'all are an incredible group of people and I'm so glad I got the opportunity to TA y'all this semester. Have a great winter break!"

Albert Dong- I don't think people give you enough credit for being an outstanding person. You're hardworking and dedicated. I can tell you genuinely care about the things you do. And thank you for having sound judgement, and being there for your friends - I admire your honesty and loyalty. Keep grinding my man.

To the guy on the third floor SciLi wearing all dark blue, oh yes was I looking at you, and that ass

natalie zeif has the most amazing stare

Who is that gluten free poli-sci major I see everywhere on campus?  I think her name is Jordan?  Is she from NYC?? She seems like she could be from NYC

Kei Nakagawa your hard work over the past 24 hours of finals week is so impressive! Study on, Kei, study on!

to add onto post #5158 - shoutout to everyone who has a fave couple but doesn't put it on blast via brown admirers.

remember, just b/c people are out @ brown & in relationships doesn't mean they are out @ home."

Matt Kohn you are a wonderful computer!

to Addison Gierkink: Everyday I see you in the sci li is another day I wanna fuck you

Jill Hojsak, poler bear, kickass TA, and artist. 10/10 would date

Erika Byun https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v0-mopTvzK0	Big Baby D.R.A.M. - Cute (Audio)

Alex Vaughan Williams: You are really fucking handsome. And you dress so well, how do you look so perfect every day?? Single?

Auriane Benabou is so much fun to be around that it's a little intimidating! Like, how can I match that sheer amazingness?

11:45am, Saturday, December 17, Andrews Commons, panini line, man in light blue Phillips Andover sweatshirt: you and your tall friends can tag-team me anytime ;)

Griffin Smith:
If you proposed to me today (or any day), I would say yes after seriously contemplating saying no because your love is too pure and I am undeserving.
Brown lost its brightest star when you left for Scotland. You change the hearts of everyone you meet, and we will miss you so much."

erin malimban is the sweetest! she's incredible tbh

miyuki katakura?
 mariam abutaleb?
  Miyuki Abutaleb??

           MARIAM KATAKURA?!?!?"

To my favorite SASA couple: You guys inspire me. Love you together.

Natalie R, whenever I see you walk by in the hallway my heart drops to my stomach. I hope I gather enough courage to talk to you next semester :)

Julian Mcbride-- you are so kind, intelligent, and hilarious! You're an awesome friend and you always brighten my day

Naoko Shibusawa, bless you- you kind, brilliant, and beautiful soul. Your class was the highlight of my semester and I honestly would not be the person I am today without your guidance and instruction. Thank you for being an inspiration in everything you do. Brown needs more professors like you. The world needs more people like you. Keep slaying

P.S. thanks for all the food <3"

Erin Malimban,

You are lovely and I am quite attracted to you. Date me maybe?"

I just wanna cuddle with Justin Ferenzi :(

Pre-med Leslie with the bright blue shoes,

We spoke for less than a minute at JWW but you were so cool and you are stunning. You should def come to more black pre-med society meetings next semester so we can at least be friends. And if you're into women and interested then maybe more........

From, ""concentrating in anthropology but would do ethnic studies and GNSS if she could do it again"""

shotout to weed

Vu Mbambo, you and your new shoes were breathtaking at Andrews tonight (12/15). I'm into you.

Niki Sanders - I had a class with you last spring and thought you were really cute, then I saw you at campus dance and wanted to dance w u but u were dancing with someone else oh well I guess some crushes are meant to just be crushes

Rodell Jefferson you are simply an incredibly friend, mind, and human being. I appreciate your company more than you know. You far underestimate and undervalue your intelligence -- I know that you will go far.

I don't want a lot for Christmas
There is just one thing I need
I don't care about the presents
Underneath the Christmas tree
I just want you for my own
More than you could ever know
Make my wish come true oh
All I want for Christmas is Sachit Singal"

Julian Jacobs - before I knew you I saw you on facebook and thought you were cute and now that I know you I know you're even cuter

Chien Ting - your tenacity, goodnaturedness, and beauty never cease to amaze me.

Shoutout to Michael Caplan! You make the best falafels and sandwiches and everything else at the Ivy room and Blue room.  Thanks for being enthusiastic and awesome!

Caroline Marks, campus won't be the same without you next semester. Why you gotta leave?

Sending my love and appreciation to the custodians who are currently cleaning and tidying the SciLi. Thank you for your service. <3

Didier is a ball of sunshine

Maura Curry is so incredible. We're all lucky to have her in our lives, tbh.

the guy who always spends like half of crime and the city on the AV club website is really cute

To the very hot guy in the Mayer (?) sweatshirt and mid-calf leggings doing planks next to my friend and I this morning (12/15) at the Nelson -- are you into guys?

Shout-out to the wonderful + amazing orgo II TA's from this semester and orgo TA's from last semester. You all have been so helpful and friendly; I couldn't have gotten through orgo without you guys. In fact, you guys made such a difference for me that I'm going to be an orgo group tutor next semester so I can help the new orgo kids the way you guys helped me. :) Thank you for all that you've done, and I hope all of you rock your finals and have a fantastic winter break!

Molly Hawes - You are an awesome advocate for mental illness and disability and I really look up to you. I appreciated your contributions to the Pathology to Power class, especially the panel presentation you were part of with Project LETS.  I really think our campus has really improved since you began doing this work and I wanted to give you a shout out in case you don't hear this enough

@christian Lansang If I had a button in front of me right now and if I pressed it, you and I would get married, I would in a heartbeat

To the readings I didn't do this semester:

I'm sorry we couldn't work it out. Other things seemed more important at the time. Class was a little confusing without you, but I pushed through. I did what I had to do. Maybe we'll meet again, someday?"

CS1810 TAs - Y'all are so nice T _T

Jimmy Stone *swoon*

Haley Wong, my favorite shape of glasses is horn-rimmed and you are a great storyteller and we should go to dave's sometime.

Alexander Hamilton and the Neuro TAs, thank you for the encouraging canvas emails, and being so nice in general

Viet and the rest of UCS - U DA BEST

Eve Grassfield is so thoughtful and kind, truly an inspiration during shitty times

AJ Alcover - Damn boy. I don't know you that well but you are so fierce all the time it's ridiculous. Your style is on point.

Shout out to Elizabeth Purington for being honestly the kindest person to ever go to Brown

Thank you to the artists of the graffiti in the carrels of the Rock: your beautiful anonymous voices are getting me through finals.

Lizzy Doykan: tall, lithe, sweet and athletic...I'm an admirer but I can only imagine you have many more. You can take me golfing any day ;)

the boy in the scili with shoulder length hair and tight sweatpants...

Awake chocolates I wanna marry you

To everyone who feels caught up with senior year slipping away,

It's tough, around this time, to realize that, in about a month, there'll only be one semester left. Where did all the time go? Just a moment ago you were making these miraculous new friendships, dreaming of the years and years to come. I know that I drew up a plan, a bucket list - things that I have to do before I graduate. But life has a nasty habit of going off-script, and we cannot so much as predict the next hour of our lives, much less the next four years. Hardly any of you, I think, realized how quickly your time together was expiring. Because it is, whether you like it or not - it really is all about to go away, and there is still so much to do, we might feel, before time runs out.

But as I sit here in my apartment, a few months out of school, I wish that I could tell each and every one of you that time is not running out - is, instead, counting down - to the next chapter of your lives, whatever it may be (and you certainly don't need to know yet, today or tomorrow or the next day). The future may be as terrifying as the haunting winds I hear outside, but it is full to the brim with possibility. Make of that what you will. And if you are crippled by fear, anxiety, or uncertainty, know that, great news, so is everyone else - and so, you'll never be alone.

Enjoy every second of your last semester. Get dinner with your friends as much as you can. Say hello to that person you haven't talked to since freshman year, or reach out to someone who you always wanted a second chance with. Learn as much from the world-class professors you have here. Savor every moment you have with the people who love you. There may never be a better chance.

Thanks for 5000, Brown. - 2F"

Professor Nicolas Garcia Trillos is hot af

Jaison Jain - tbh I think you're really cute but I'm too shy to say anything :(

Anna Croley what's the best way to ask you out on a date?

Paula Li~~~~

when i study, i put on your LiandShiLife vlog videos (watch em on youtube y'all) and use them as background noise. your voice is sooooooooo soothing

(also carol shi you have a nice voice too, you're just not in the recent ones. COME BACK! I MISS THE PAULA AND CAROL FRIENDSHIP </3)"

To the grey sweatshirt guy who's always on the first floor of the rock: you can have my window desk anytime ;-)

Shoutout to the night patrols and safewalkers on these cold nights.

Karena Nguyen, hot DAMN. Everyone appreciates you for your kindness and humor, but I want to point out that you're also super cute. Please notice me :(

Lina Lalwani lights up my ENTIRE WORLD I don't know what I would do without her! Her smile just makes my day...tell me I'm not the only one???

Shoutout to all the BuDS workers that are working during Finals Period! Most people take you for granted, but you guys are the real MVPs for keeping us all fed and caffeinated.

Esteban you and your new Macbook are a charming couple. The strolls you take together in the CIT, the long all-nighters you take to create baby programs. You represent what every relationship ship should be between CS Major and his or her computer.

Shoutout to that old golden retriever who is always being walked around campus without a leash... I love you

Caroline Ribet -

more like Caroline MEOW ow ow ow"

Elizabeth Pan - You are amazing at figure skating and also v cute

Daniella Balarezo is a bright light in everyone's life.

Fatima Husain's long black jacket gets me really riled up inside ;)

Alina Husain: WOWZA

to Steven Lavallee: I wish you the best in your retirement after 31 years of working at brown. as the Sci Li manager and my boss, you've always been receptive to the needs of brown students. I am so blessed to have experienced your kindness.

Wondering if Rodell Jefferson III is single/available because he is FINE

To the lovely person who joined me in Andrews quiet lounge on Saturday, it was great spending time with you. Lets hang out again soon!

Jennie Hogan deserves only the best. She's selfless, hard-working, hilarious, and incredibly gifted both academically and musically.

Jennie, you lift everyone up around you. Keep doing you!"

Samarth Goenka - You are so full of life! ❤️

Sy Gitin you are wonderful human being who never fails to brighten the day of those around you.

Abid : Lloyd :: milk chocolate : dark chocolate

my preferences change depending on time of day"

I think I should have posted this yesterday, but it is going to be 24 hours late, no prob though. Happy Eid to all Muslims at  Brown University. I love you.

Hi me,

I know you haven't found the one. Maybe the one doesn't exist—maybe the idea of ""the one"" is a silly one, an expectation imprinted on you since you can remember, and what would that mean anyway? Regardless, you will find someone who will make you happy. It doesn't have to be this semester, this year, or even while you're in college. Take your time, take it slow—you don't need to be like seemingly everyone around you who is in a relationship or hooking up. There are many more just like you!"

Eugene Kim -- I'm so happy you were able to stay on campus for another semester but so sad you're graduating and leaving us plebeians behind forever. You're an amazing person bound to do amazing things. Brown will miss you!

Gwyneth Sun's smile is the highlight of my day. Whenever I see you , I can't help but stare. You're always working hard and it inspires me. I love seeing you everywhere.

Dayla, you are beautiful

Miyuki is so pretty

Saw the post encouraging STEM students with their up coming tests. You got this guys, tests are stressful and hard and I believe in you!
To all Humanities students out there. You've also got this. Be it tests and/or papers, you can do it. I know it feels like your paper is never done, and never good enough, remember to finish, edit, re edit, but always put your well-being first. It's never gonna feel finished guys, but you're brilliant and smart and it will be good enough."

Julia Abigail Alvarez I dropped my package at the mail room on Friday and you picked it up and shot me (with) that dimpled smile. I got my package back, but not my heart </3

Elliot Youth,

Senpai, why won't you notice me?

Shout out Lucas Smolcic-Larson for facilitating a difficult conversation on Sunday night with such maturity, circumspection, and awareness. And a BIG shout out to the people who take on most of the burden of that conversation day to day in our community.

Leah Fowler, your cute and your laugh is infectious. What's a guy gotta do to take you out?

@buxton house: we love your inclusive and respectful community. It is filled with amazing people that are so full of life!

Vi Mai- I don't know how you do it, but every time I see you, you always have your shits together and your outfit always looks good. You're an empowering force to me!

This is for all those out there in STEM classes who are stressing really hard right now over tests that determine so much of your grade - y'all got this! Trust in your own mind and keep up the good work!

Udoka Oji has a beautiful singing voice!

Ryan Goggin, you are so handsome. like message me. let's get together.

I've never been so proud in my friend Khari. As I write this, I'm crying in joy for the person that he has become.

Jessie Lai, you're one of the few people in this world who is such a good listener that you make anyone talking with you feel validated.  Thanks for being such a refreshingly great person!

Sachin Pendse, you are the hero this campus deserves for fielding your peers' concerns and talking to the higher-ups in CIS to try and restore campus access to pornhub

Peach Andre I want you in my life more. You are so bubbly and good. Without you, my days are fruitless.

Kevin Alimboyao is a DILF ;)

Simran Arora is one of the most beautiful people I've ever seen.

Dheeraj Namburu is a really cute guy! But i feel weird asking him out cuz I'm two years older o.O

Louisa Conwill is such a vibrant, engaging, inspiring woman. I wish I could be closer friends with her

Natalie Roe, you are so smart, beautiful and kind. You are an incredible human being. You inspire me to be a better person and lead a better life.

Also Betty Peng is a fucking goddess pls hmu

Paxon (I'm sorry, I don't know your last name and I'm not even sure if you have a Facebook, I just know that you're in SOC 1010, but...) WOW you are so so kind and it really makes me happy to have you on this campus.

-A sophomore you've impacted more than you realize"

Areeb Mahamadi, you are honestly so amazing and kind, and every time I see you I just can't help but smile a little bit. Keep on making the world a better place <3

Chance Dunbar is a lovely TA

Ethan Wright seems like a lovely person.

Justinian Vladuitu I want you to sit on my face, damn!

Abid is so cute omg. We've never interacted, but one time you sat near me in Blue State. I don't like being told to smile more, so I won't tell you what to do, but please know that yours is lovely and makes whatever room you're in a little nicer.

Prof. Derek Stein could teach me the laws of physical attraction any day ;)

Justine Potemkin is the smartest, sweetest, and most beautiful girl I know.

Leon Wu I love Tupac, add yourself to my 2D array. You can get at my private variables

t h e o n l y t h i n g i l i k e m o r e t h a n f a t i m a h u s a i n ' s h a n d s i s h e r a e s t h e t i c # i c e l a n d

Ali Mothner, if only you were single...

Alexandra Russell, you are such an amazing person. You are so sweet and kind and I really appreciate you. Never stop being yourself.

caitlin takeda is so attractive i LIVE

I've found Viet Nguyen's celebrity look-alike and it is glorious

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=39qe0HX9ojY"	Hot Blonde Asian Dude

tbh Brown Bears Admirers is too encompassing we should make a page called Soumi Admirers

To the beautiful Asian girl working behind the faunce front desk. I saw you once, but I think I love you. You want to grab dinner sometime?

Beth Cosby - I can say in complete earnestness that you are the person who most consistently impels me to think kindly of the world

Jerome Cosby - thanks for getting my bag to me I left in the Rock. You ROCK hahaha

Does your love only extend to politics, Sam Rubenstein, or is there room for me?

Where do you see yourself with me in 5 years, Joseph Bellavia?

August Seabrooke -  I'm waiting for that ring by spring
#seniorscramble"

David Liu

If my guess is right and you're the one posting here about me, just fucking ask me out already.

If my guess is wrong and you're totally confused, just know that someone has her eye on you but is a little nervous telling you :)"

All these people complaining that pornhub is gone but I'm just like:
proxysite.com"

To all the Conservative People at Brown,

It's hard to be conservative at Brown, and we know. However, you probably didn't know how much we liberals admire you all. Sometimes I thinking about getting with conservative people because its naughty, and who doesn't like being naughty ;)

Love,
A Liberal"

Like this post if you're single, let the people who are crushing on you know you're AVAILABLE wink wink

I make submissions about loving myself, but truly alls i wish is for someone other than me to love me

Roja,

Now here is a limerick for you,
Because you are someone I'd like to... screw,

I can write you poems whenever,
Cause I think we could be forever,

And damn, those legs... maybe they could be mine if you knew"

Roja

I wrote a hai-ku
Be-cause I think I love you
Now please love me too"

just looking through facebook and i saw Tamsin Rankine-Fourdraine who reminded me that wow God does produce miracles

Alan Tang: The shoes you wore today in the Ratty were absolutely stunning. Your fashion sense is something to be awed by all of Brown. :)

I wish that Peter Choi looked at me the way that he looks at himself

Grace Molino: you are one of the most intelligent and motivated women I know. I am so proud to be your friend, and I can't wait to see what you do in life.

To everyone struggling to get through that finals stretch right now:

Breathe. Stretch. Relax a bit. It's all going to be okay. Even though it's hard - and necessarily so - there are several thousand just like you, who are not the person setting the high on every test, the one finishing the papers three weeks before the deadline. ""Mediocrity"" is a wicked word, for it suggests that we are failures. We are not. You are damn fucking smart for having gotten into Brown, and having made it this far. Your voice demands and deserves hearing, no matter how you do in the next three weeks. More importantly, in the toxic and bitter atmosphere of this country, your humanity and personhood are sacred, no matter your color or composition, your sexuality or saintliness.

Go out and slay the shit out of finals. Or not. Either way, we'll welcome you back with open arms in a month, and we'll always be there."

Ezza Ahmed- you fucking make my day. Your sass and humor have given me some of the best moments I've had at Brown. Don't ever change boo.

P.S. Dat ass tho. And your face. And your everything"

Auriana Woods- Daaaaaaamn ma. Underneath that fly badass exterior is one of the sweetest, kindest, and funniest people at Brown. Keep doing your thing, gorgeous. It's working ;)

Priyal Gupta :D

ananya poddar,

why you always so hard to get it"

Shout out to Deborah Pomeranz who pulls off the boldest colors of lipstick and looks STUNNING

Let's make a list of adjectives about Lily Cohen, shall we? I'll start.

Gorgeous
Radiant
Brilliant
Generous

Alright, now it's everyone else's  turn. Continue in the comments?"

Norman Bai: Now that pornhub is gone, i guess i'll just have to do with photos of you cause damn boy you be in my dreams every night

Ethan Taswell,

I see you around all the time and have the biggest crush. Are you single?"

Lily Wright- You have no idea how much warmth you bring to me in this cold weather. Your smile makes my day. Keep being the awesome person as you are right now and also keep in mind that there is always someone cheering you on!

Salina Tesfay, you are so magical. Teach me how to slay like you <3

to whoever was playing nathaniel rateliff in andrews around 1: thank you!

Pornhub: I miss you.

Sienna Vann your production of Hecuba was the best show I've seen at Brown period. Go win those directing Tonys girl :))))))))

Isn't Amanda Yan just a peach of a person?

Shout out to the Brown/RISD Catholic Community for being such a warm and welcoming group of people!  I feel so comfortable at Brown knowing that this community is here for me ❤️

@Helya Azadmanesh-Samimi: can I get a hell yeah?  Single??

I just remembered how amazing Aisha Zamor was in A Chorus Line

Giulia ricci - i have a bigger crush on you - need a visa AND a pizza?

This post is permission to hit up people you know or semi-know on Grindr (while not expecting anything, of course). Been eyeing and thirsting for way too long.

Jake Small, thank you for all the patience, generosity, and kindness, and above all, for being a wonderful friend.

To the person with glasses I met at Zete - we danced and had fun. I wish I remembered your name. You are so BEAUTIFUL!!!!.

To the person working at Jo's Monday night - Thanks for coming around to give me a hug when I was feeling super low about myself. You have so much energy and a wonderful smile too :)

Marina Cano what a hottie

Yuki Inaba is one of the sweetest and most caring people I know!

Kylen Soriano is lit

Shoutout to the Hamilton Mixtape for being released so I can listen to it on repeat while studying for finals <3 <3

Forest Tran,

Total stranger here, you've never met me before, but I occasionally see you around. You're so discrete and kind and so so cute. You've got kindness emanating from your very core. You deserve so so many posts."

Am I missing something about Robert Lee, or is he literally just an angel?

Hey Ji, are you still single?

Emma Kurihara, you're hella cute :)

Julia Cahil,
You're perfect."

Dakota Fenn is into guys right? RIGHT? Craving that Dakota D...

To all of the peeps who struggle with accessibility on campus (wheelchairs, crutches, walking boots, etc.),

You are SO. FUCKING. AMAZING.

SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO AMAZING.  Seriously.

I know it feels so alone.  I know people walk right by when you need help and it makes it all hurt more.  You face so many challenges most will ever understand, but there are other people here on campus who do understand.

You are not alone.  You are inspiring.  You are a powerhouse.

You are UNSTOPPABLE. <3"

Eddie Lee,

What do you call a post graduation scramble? Maybe we can figure it out..."

Hey Conor Millard, its me (4174) again....I'm a freshman tho you down to chat sometime?

To all my long distancers,

I know it's difficult as fuck, but just know that there are other people sharing your struggle! Gotta support each other, so keep on thuggin, y'all."

Vera Im, you a hottie ;)

Ella Cohen I see you daaaaaamn you can TA me any day

Josie Icaza gets me every time, goddamn

Mariska Chamdani, my heart skips a beat every time I see you...

Philip Strauss is so beautiful. Single?

I want some of that good Connor Watts D

James hunter Archer: you have really nice shoulders. they look like they could use a massage.

Signed,
-someone who sits above you"

I've never met someone more smooth than Jide Omekam

Georgia Wright. Oh my fucking hell. Where do I begin? Your intelligence never ceases to amaze me and your smile really exemplifies your kindness. Oh. And your body is a complete turn on.

Lehidy, your words tonight were great, keep slaying!

i don't even go here and i love dipal nagda

Margaret House, you are such a ray of sunshine!  Thank you for all you do :)

I want to be Daniella Balarezo's lipstick.

To Victoire Perez-Vargas

When you laugh, you are the most adorable thing in the world. You're just a bundle of joy to be around and watch dance. Keep brightening up this campus

P.S I can take you to east side pockets ;)"

Niki Sanders, you made me feel so much better about something that was really bothering me today. Thank you so so so much! You are an incredible, passionate, brilliant human being and I love you so so so much! <3 keep being the light of people's days.

Matthew Finn - do I really have to say more??? No words can be used to describe how amazing this man is

Lauren Lubeck is the most wonderful person to have ever set foot on this campus. You deserve all the best in the world Lauren, keep being incredible

Yvonne Wyngard is my role model

Kion You is a stunner

To Alex:
I once joke posted on here to fuck with you because I was so dense I didn't realize I was actually falling hard. So here's to admiring you seven months later. I'll never know how we made it, but I'm so glad we did."

Adam Moreno...date sometime?

Ryan Bahar is so freaking cute, I can't stand it. If only he would hmu

What do you do when you've fallen in love with someone who's already with someone else?

I can't get enough of Irene Rhee's eyes

Abby Cuevas - I think you're out of this world cute

Kevin Tang you are the coolest! Haters gon hate, keep doing you!!!

Dipal Nagda,

I am not a freshman and think you have a beautiful face and are an amazing dancer!!"

Guy from orgo who sits on the left side of saloman with the black coat you're a cutie and who r u

Can someone tell me the names of the girls in GBX because I have my eyes on literally all of them. Especially the Asian ones

Hit me up next semester when I'm no longer your TA

Sholei Croom you are fabulous and beautiful and every adjective that means lovely QUEEN

Isabella Martinez is LEGIT a godsend and her spunk and kind heart restore my faith in humanity

Shoutout to Health Services for being so nice and efficient.

Min Jean Cho is the cutest and rocks turtlenecks like no other <3

Joy Aso
Lord have mercy..."

Drew Wendel,

You are one beautiful, blue-eyed, sweet-voiced lady."

elliot youth can play his way into ma heart any day ;)

Edward Tie looks good

Lehidy Frias, you somehow do so much, I don't know how you do it but you're amazing, you do so much and stay so active and still smile at the end of the day!

there are so many people on Disney A Cappella who I want to take to a Whole New World of physical pleasure

Frank Chiem, you're the cutest 5'4 bundle of joy I've met.

Muki is cool

Shout out to David Mayans for teaching us how to synthesize novocaine so that we can numb the pain after we take this L tomorrow. total bae

Justin Willis' style is literally goals. Teach me your ways!

jack o'donnell is really attractive and such a fun person

I want to give a shout out to all my guy friends growing beards this month. It may not look the way you want but it looks damn good to me

Kathy Luo you are a hero

Matt Dwelle - Thank you for being my sidekick, partner in crime, and BFF. I can always count on you to be there when I need you :)

Alex Wong is a cool cat

@cute girl who owned up to cutting the falafel line, maybe one day we can end up next to each other on line with no cutting involved. That'd be sweet. @3864, I do.

Pls friends, don't cut in line. It's inconsiderate and makes me sad :("

Kelsey Anderson - I celebrated a little when I found out I can put you on my senior scramble list. You're cute.

literally in love w/ the whole cast of the mystery of edwin drood (+ i have such a crush on jack o'donnell)

To the class of 2020, it has been great meeting all of you and I can't wait to meet more of you groovy people!! Just remember no matter how hard this semester is we're going to have a great 4 years!

-Field & Track Athlete"

Fatima Husain: From the bottom of my heart, I think you are a good person.

Priya Shetty -- You're one of the smartest, realest, and most fun people I've ever met (not to mention absolutely gorgeous ofc). Keep doing you, we all appreciate it :)

@ Geronimo. Why you so sexy? Are you by any chance interested in cougars? Roar!

To the folks who composed for/performed at/organized the Fermata concert, thank you. It is nice to be reminded that there are inspiring people out there creating beautiful music.

Laura Jaramillo:
PLEASE make a recording of you singing those Puerto Rican songs so I can fall asleep to those every night. Or you could just sing them for me."

Dear LGBQI+ people here, you have a right to love whoever you do love

Dear trans* folx, your identity is so valid

Dear Mexican students, you will always be a valued part of the community and very, very welcome here.

Dear undocumented students, there are no walls at Brown, and there never will be, because you are as welcome here as you should be everywhere else

Dear all the black folx, your life matters so much to everyone at Brown (obviously)

Dear everyone who is Muslim, your religion is a wonderful part of who you are and should never be used against you

Dear all the people who identify as a woman, please know that your safety is and will be protected, because that is what everyone deserves"

To Patty:

You are a beautiful and amazing person and you bring light to this campus with your smile and positivity."

You know I didn't realize that the small things would turn me on...like the really specific ones. That all changed when I saw a really cute freckle on David Baek's left cheek (which cheek is need-to-know hehe)

Chantal Toupin
To the REAL cutest girl in CS33.
It's been a-MAZE-ing seeing you everyday. I wish you would come out of your first shell so I can see the shell 2. Whenever I see you, your beauty tugs on my heart strings. I have allocated all my memories to you and I hope you have a pointer to me in your heart.
Love
ctoupin fan club"

Marley Kirton- we've never met but I've admired your ~cool vibes~ and good looks from afar ;)

Ian Pearsall is so broody, so handsome, so alluring--but such an enigma! I wish I knew you better.

Victoria Vafaee is stupidly pretty :)

Yifei Wu, I've always found you incredibly attractive... you're so intelligent and funny, plus you're incredibly sensitive and attentive. Are you taken yet? If yes, then I wish you all the best. If not? ...

Judson Ellis's new haircut is fuego

Didier-Didier Didier (how ever many there are) you are a beautiful boy and i want to hold your hand and gaze into your eyes and have you cook and play viola for me

Melissa Antonia Perez we've only spoken briefly but your aura brings joy to those around you!

Misha Wei Sohan? More like Misha Way Sohandsome.

I have seen you twice already. Once on a bus from thayer to Kennedy plaza and just now walking down thayer past Soldier's Arch. You are extremely tall (6'5 maybe?), have brown hair and olive skin, muscular build, and were wearing workout gear. You look like a grad student, but I have no idea. Someone please help me out with guesses of who this might be.

Reagan Menz,
You are beautiful and literally the kindest person I know. You are so talented and multi-faceted, but so humble. I can't imagine what I'd do if I had never met you. You brighten my heart"

How can one impress the beautiful Mikela Waldman? Accepting any tips now and forever because that's how long it takes to forget a person like that.

Where's Ben Hayslet? :(

Akash Altman- I think you are super sweet and funny. I really wish I could see you more often in classes because you are such a great guy and want to get to know you better. Everytme I see you in class or around campus it brightens up my day :)

Charlotte Je...THE CUTEESSSTTTT

Dipal Nagda a freshman can dream...
	Brown Bears Admirers

Saw Patricia Paulino Lopez dancing to Shakira at Jos last night and I am officially obsessed.

Malik Jarvis can I get that smile as my desktop background

To the boy working the last front desk shift on the 5th floor of the scili yesterday with the girl with the curly hair, ay papi you've been answering calls all day why don't you call me

Emilio vides Curnen: Give me your hair. and your skin. and your teeth. and your everything ya beautiful hunk

I know Isabel Thornton doesn't have Facebook, but everyone should know that she is a wonderful, talented, incredibly kind person.

I just wanted to give a shout out to all the Republicans here at Brown. I may not agree with your politics, but you are some strong people for standing up against the peer pressure. You sure do get a lot of crap because people here make fun of Republicans incessantly. They assume all Republicans are as stupid as the worst ones that (I hope) are the least representative of your actual political opinions. I just want you to know that some of us want to affirm you. Know that we support you in making decisions based on all the evidence you can find, even if we end up at different places, because social pressure should not determine your votes. Thank you for helping us all think critically here, and I hope you continue to engage in political discussions in your time at Brown.

Greg Heeren is the perfect combination of cute and funny

Jamie Packs, lookin' great this year

To the guy in the study room in the Rock on 9/26, who kept having to get up to keep the lights on --
You have a really nice smile. The rest of you doesn't look too bad either. :) Wanna grab coffee?"

Sam Wong,

I have the utmost respect for you: I think you are one of the most genuine people I have ever known. You have such a beautiful soul."

Misbah Noorani - you have the most amazing smile. single?

Isue Shin,

Edwin is a very lucky guy"

Ethel Renia,
How do you manage to be so beautiful in every way? Your slender form, your dazzling stare, your model like features, your glowing golden skin. You must get this a lot. Would you want to grab a coffee with me?"

Morgan Patrick seems really attractive and smart!

Quinn Li - your smiles are endearing and your laughters are infectious; You have an awesome personality and I'd love to get to know you better outside of TA hours :)

Marianne Aubin LeQuere: I've secretly admired you ever since freshman year. Such a stunning beauty you are. Hope that something can happen between us now that you're single

Harsh Chandra -

You're honestly such a cutie and your smile brightens up my day."

Jon Gewirtzman. I want to be your Woods Hole.

Shoutout to the Genetics TAs for being so nice and so patient and for basically coaching everyone in this class step by step through the problem sets! Y'all are also mad cute.

Especially Kelly <3"

to that white guy studying in the rock the other day, hmu ; )

Eddy Chen,

I still remember that day when you put vaseline all over my body. I still dream about you. Every time I see you running, I get so very wet on the inside.

I know you have a girlfriend; but hey, just because there's a goalie doesn't mean I can't score ;)"

Lianne Cho, you are so cute and interesting to talk to!  Keep being your lovely self :)

Emma Illest Illick Frank, you are so so loved!!! Your ways of being (a ground hog relocater, etc.) are inspirational to us all....

Dheeraj Namburu,

Have my babies ;)"

Isabelle Doyle is a beautiful human who can do no wrong!

To everyone who worked so hard to create the first gen/ low income center:

You did it! You are amazing! You are beautiful and strong. Thank you for your work and your love.

To all first gen/ low income students: You may be the first but you are not alone <3"

Isabelle Doyle,
You are a sparkling and brilliant woman! A light to all and a scourge to none!"

Sid Marthi,

Your stunning gaze and smile drew me in but I stayed for the sarcastic yet mild mannered small talk"

Skenda and Odemi-- goddesses.
2816  -Britt Edelen, you're one of the best people on this campus. Sorry you've been feeling a little down lately, but just know that you have lots of people that love you and support you. <3

Vishnu Dantu - You're an interesting guy ;)

xoxo"

Shoutout to Brown Badmaash!!! You guys seem so cool and I can't wait to audition for you on the 17th!!

(plz take me)"

That moment you're at the same party with engineering Julian (Isopropyl?) but you don't have it in you to approach him

Sid Marthi turns me on

Dear Gio Santiago,

Just wanted to say how much I appreciate you as a human being. You have such a big heart, kind soul, and fucking flawless curls. I know we've had our ups and downs in the past, but I just wanted to say how much I value you as a person and as a friend.

Sincerely,
a thot"

Julia Tompkins,

It is impossible not to admire your grace and beauty. In my dreams we are together, happy. Of all the boys, pick me."

Joe Engelman - Can't wait to see you next semester, daddy ;)

Sam Cohen's eyes are like two tiny stars.

Mallissa Sirimoungkhons is so gorgeous I have literally seen pedestrians get distracted when she walks by in the streets!

Yasmin Toney is so gorgeous I am amazed and in awe.

To the girl who was struggling when her key got jammed in the door on Brook/Benevolent this morning (7/8), I'm sorry I was too distracted by how cute you were to offer my help. But you are seriously cute

Can you just text me already? I miss you lol

Alex Tran, helloooo there.

To my best friend,

I'm sorry that when you ask me why I cut myself, I can't answer you. I don't know why I feel this way. I don't have a reason to be sad but I am.
It's hard for you to understand, hell it's hard for me to understand, but it's true.

I'm sorry I put so much pressure on you. I feel weak and ashamed. I can't handle my emotions so i cry out to you. I'm sorry for asking so much of you. You're always there for me, and I thank you for that.

I'm sorry I make you cry. You do make me happy and I do love you so much. I know you wonder why I can't stop cutting if I have you. I wish I could, making you cry hurts me so much.

My actions have taken a toll on you though. I understand if you can't handle everything that's been going on. I understand if you need to take care of yourself, if you need a break. I understand that I'm making you hurt. I understand if all this makes you fall out of love with me. It's been too hard on you, I'm so sorry.

You are beautiful in body and soul though. You make my heart race and ache. When i told you I wanted to give everything to you I didn't mean it like this though. I didn't want to give you sadness and frustration. I wanted to give you happiness. If I can't give that to you, then you should leave.

-Your Love"

Marianne Verrone

You're fierce as hell. And that booty of yours.. Single?"

Jessica Yu - I've got, like, 0 chance of working up the courage to ask you out someday, so this is my way of saying I think you're cute as anything. I've got a massive crush on you!

This week has been one of my best at Brown so far, largely because I got to spend so much of it with you. But now you're graduating, and probably don't care about me anyway, so thanks for giving me a bit of your time, and have a great life <3

Eddie Lee

Is it too late to scramble?

-not a senior"

Caleb Stanford - you're an attractive human and I'm sad to see you graduate!

To Camera Ford and Julmar Carcedo Jr:
You guys were honestly the best RPLs any college freshmen could've asked for & I can't believe it's been three years already since we all met you for the first time in that one room in SmittyB for our first unit meeting (go Morriss Monsters!). I'm sure I speak for everyone who was a part of Unit 21 when I say thank you so so much for all that you do and have done for us. Wish you both the best in your post-Brown adventures! :) <3"

Natalie Fondriest makes me drool out of longing in my dreams

Caitlin Dorman is one of the finest girls on this campus. No qualifications.

Lloyd and Abid remind me of Troy and Abed from Community

To Lloyd Sy,

At the start of this year, you found my notebook and gave it to my professors, and you left a note about your time at Brown, how hard it was at the start and how good and rewarding it was by the end.

I didn't realize how much your words would resonate until I started this year as a freshman- first semester, I felt so out of place that I almost transferred. I didn't know how everyone could love Brown so much, and constantly doubted that I could ever find the right community here.

It's been a long and hard year, but second semester, I found a community that I love, professors who understand my passions, and I can honestly say that I'm so excited for the next three years. So this is my thank you letter to you- even if you don't remember writing this, thank you for reminding me that I wasn't alone. I think about how lucky I am to be at a place where people are kind to each other, even strangers, and I'm so glad I randomly lost my planner for a week in September.

I hope your senior week is wonderful, and your letter will have a place on my wall for years to come."
seeing as it's Senior Week and we're graduating, we figured now was a good time to reveal ourselves

Adam, Amani, Hunter, and Yansy - thank you for being the 4 best RPL's unit 4 could have asked for. You helped us through the hard times, made us pancakes/hot chocolate when we were hungry, and provided us with the opportunity to see your beauty in the hallway everyday. Thank you for making our first-year here so amazing, and for being the most bad-ass RPL's there ever were.

Calum McClelland, damn I want to scramble you so badly but I'm not a senior :(

Kidest Assefa-McNeil,

You are such a kind, caring, and beautiful human being. You always go out of your way to ensure that those around you are doing okay, and I would like to use this post to let you know that you are appreciated."

Annabel Lema: you're pure pure SUNSHINE!! Thank you for making everyone around you so happy x

At Jo's: Ninja turtle pajama pants, black muscle tee, tattoos on your arm and along your rib cage, blondish hair. Who are you?

To the really tall guy that works at Jo's--you are so beautiful and kind! And you always give me lots of fries/tater tots/ice cream. It makes my day when I walk into Jo's and see you working at the fry station. Thanks for being the besttt <3

Sincerely,
a satisfied, slightly enamored customer"

Claudia, im not very expressive of my feels but I'm so glad that i get to call you my friend. Love you so much boo!

Guo Wang,

I think you are so underappreciated. Your love is genuine, it is the most pure no strings attached kind of love I've ever gotten from a friend. Though we've interacted, not as frequently as I would like, I've always wanted to let you know how much I wanted to be more than just friends."

Has anyone ever gotten two C's before? I need to know that I'm not alone
=("

like this status if you met ali murray this year and want to be better friends with her because she's amazing??????! i'm gathering members so i can start a fan club

Melissa Galarza,

Have a nice summer cutie."

There are few students on this campus more inspiring and more committed than Lauren Galvan

Just want to give a HUGE shoutout to all the students on this campus who have worked so hard over the past few years to prevent sexual assault and make our community safer for survivors. I've sort of stayed on the sidelines of your advocacy work, but want to publicly thank those of you who were brave enough to tell your stories and fight for your peers' safety. I'm a survivor of an attempted assault and when I was a freshman, I did not even realize you could report misconduct or get accommodations in cases like mine. Now, as a senior, thanks to you all, I know my rights and this semester was able to help a friend knowledgeably navigate her options after an assault. You all have left Brown a better place for current/future students, and we applaud you.

Carly Margolis

I'm going to miss your bright smile and your calm kind presence on campus. And your yoga classes. You inspire me."

Colby Parsons

We've never met, but I have a huge crush on you! Not surprised that you have (at least) two admirers!"

Daniel ""Chewy"" Chiou	Timeline Photos

Colby Parsons, are you around for senior week or do I need to wait until next year?

Alvaro Zamora,

Those muscles gave me some of the best wet dreams."

 I adore you Jayleen

I am so afraid to walk through those gates. I know that, once I do, I will lose you forever. I am afraid of the nights when I won't be able to fall asleep because I miss you. I am afraid of the void you will leave in my heart. I am afraid of picking up the pieces and starting all over. I am afraid of being alone.

I want to freeze every moment I see you smiling, because there is nothing else that makes me happier. I am beyond grateful for having met you. Through your constant support, kindness and love, I was able to become who I am today. That is why you will always be a part of me. That is why I know I will never give up. That is why I will continue hoping that I will see you again some day."

Chance the rapper accurately reflects finals at brown: ""we just be smoking a bowl, we don't got no time to roll""

Ben davis U R TOO COOL

Liam Walsh u are awesome. Thank u for being u!!!!!

My heart goes out to all those who lost a friend today. The loss of a community member, and especially a young person, is always a tragedy. I ask myself why we as a community have not paused to honor the life of this man. Though we may be in the middle of finals period, where is the outpour of support? While I do not know the cause of death, or even know Victor personally, all I can say is that no matter what happened, it is our duty as a community to take a moment to grieve, to recognize the fragility of human life, and spend time with those we love.

To the Ivy Room smoothie guy working at 8pm on Monday - your beautiful face made that line almost worth it.

Alexa Barrett – Lemme smang it girl

Tariq Cannonier: You seem like a compassionate, intelligent, funny (and hot) guy, and I wish I had gotten to know you better before graduation.

ali mir - you're so kind to everyone and so easy to talk to! and you're very cute ;)

yo mikey c you snigle?

Every time I see this guy I'm just reminded how amazing he is and I can't stop thinking about him over the next few days. I'm probably just crazy

Andrea Zhu can i put hot sauce in your bag??

To the dude with the word "Feminist" written on the back of his shirt during the Mande final today--what's up??

Israel Carrete - We barely met but I think you are really cute. Do you have a girlfriend already? If not, can we grab coffee sometime? Just want to get to know you more.

So Kyle Lin,

What does perfection feel like?"

To Aryssa Medina, Yasss girl! Work it!

Nikhita Mendes-

You my main b"

To the lovely Ian from the Writing Center,
Thank you so much for the care you put into helping me with my paper- we got an A! I hope your future is fun and exciting, and that you definitely come back to visit :)"

Jack Makari,

If you're dick is as big as your heart, please cum inside me

Thanks,
Your secret admirer"

Jad Nasrallah -- damn you fine and you got brains to match. I hope you're into that senior scramble though... ;)

Jonathan Jaramillo,

You sexy person. How do I know if you're actually flirting with me or not? Provide me the details, so I can figure out the confusion

I am graduating and there are so many people I have so many things to say to.

Alex Bertsch,

You are resilient. You are tireless. Whatever doubts you have cast them aside. I want you. I want to know you more. I came so close to getting to know you, once upon a wintery day. You may appear harsh at times but these are the measures we need to take in this world. My little red panda, maybe someday... maybe someday I'll reach out despite all the fear that holds me back."

Ragna Rök Jóns: you are beautiful.

Celia Story- you are literally one of the coolest people I have met at brown. However, even more importantly, you are so humble about it. Everyone is so amazed by you and I just wanted you to know that.

To the sigma boy who's on the rugby team, we met at a party way back at a party but never really talked afterwards. Now you're graduating, but I want to be ziptied to you one last time.

Kenny Micklas - wish you'd do more than grade my homework ;) ;)
2213 -	Timeline Photos

Anamaria Meneses Leon. You are beautiful and inspiring. Don't ever forget that.

To the girl who was crying outside of the physics 0040 exam today: being premed is hard. Physics is hard. 3-hour long exams in a room filled with more than one hundred students and the sound of dozens of pages turning every second are hard. And it's okay not to be okay when all of that is happening. But you are strong and beautiful. No matter what grade you get in the class, you can get through this and you can be a doctor.

Kenari,

I think you are very handsome and I enjoy looking at your smile when I happen to see you around campus.

Have a great day :)"

To the red-headed girl who lives in new dorm a (i think)....damnnn. you are incredible - great body, hot face, awesome smile. how do i get to know you better? i've seen you in the ratty putting salsa in a go box, and i wanna put a lil more flavor in your life <333

Jackson Chaiken: your snap stories are fire and so is dat ass

Luiza Silva, you have the nicest hair and the prettiest smile. :-) Seeing you brightens up my day.

Ada D-Z- Remember me?

To the human who took my water bottle off of Ruth Simmons Quad while I was rehearsing Mande today (5/10), I forgive you. Hydrate well. If you feel like meeting up, my number is on the bottom of the bottle.

Connor Watts- I like being around you, you have such a lovable personality!

You rock Amy

To Me :

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o8uAxLVvQ8E"	Ariana Grande - Into You (Audio)

Monica Elvin,

I truly admire how hard of a worker you are. You manage to balance school, work, and sports, and that is something worth commending. Keep up the hard work and good luck on finals!"

to the girl who was in the elevator with me in the scili around 3:30 monday - wish we were literally anywhere but an elevator so we could've talked; you're one of the most attractive people ive seen here

Ercole Durini Di Monza: Was really sad and disappointed to find out that you had already left campus and that I wouldn't see you until the fall. Glad to know that it was a misunderstanding on my part and a false alarm. Let's make these last few days count!!

Shoutout to the person with the Brown Bears Admirers post that so closely matches my exact feelings rn that I had to double check whether I could have drunk posted it. You the real M-V-Possibly me.

Abid Haseeb is so fresh that even his shits probably smell good

Zach Lowry, I wanna fuck you in the ass like a choo-choo train.

to michelle arroyo, the sweetest girl i know:
thank you for being such an inspiration and for always being there for a great laugh. keep smiling and keep shining - your positivity and bubbly attitude are infectious. never forget how amazing you are.  <3"

I'm desperately, unfortunately in love. She's with someone else. I don't know how to tell her but I don't know how to not tell her.

Anton Manzano,

I honestly feel like I've never met a nicer person than you. You are so absolutely generous, so gentle and kind and splendid. Thank you for being in my life man."

When you see your crush get an admirer's post and realize that you have competition <<<<<

To Ade Osinubi and Skenda Jean-Charles, thank you for continuing to sprinkle your black girl magic on my train-wreck of a life. Your friendships mean the world to me.

Uche Onwunaka is one of the most genuine, kind, and caring people that I know. She is also HILARIOUS and kills/slays me. Whenever I see her she puts a smile on my face and never fails to brighten my day. I'm pretty confident that I could talk for days on end with her and if I ever had to choose someone to be stuck in an elevator with, it would be her. Keep doing you fam because you are high key one of the best people I have had the pleasure of meeting and knowing my freshman year. You work so hard and deserve the absolute best that life has to offer-- never stop doing you.

Sergio Chen fuck me

Kevin Argueta, you look charming!

Callie and Alex - y'all are roommate goals

Stewart Sharpe, I'm pretty sure you know I have a crush on you, but I'll just use this as yet another avenue to make that clear.

I'd like to give a special nod of admiration to Manuel Contreras. Your vulnerability and confidence reminded me one again why this isn't a losing battle. It's because of people like you that I can be proud to be first-gen.

Stanley Munoz WOW you are so talented. i've seen you dance on multiple occasions and i am repeatedly captivated by your passion and movements. you dance in a way that is so humble and effortless but still absolutely breath-taking. keep doing you- you are SO appreciated

Katrina Northrop. I see you in the V Dub every morning, eating that oatmeal. I want to say something but I never have the courage. You have a really nice butt

To My Daughter,

Graduation's almost here! I'm so excited, overjoyed in fact that in a few short weeks, I'll see you walk through the Van Wickle Gates and onto the wonders and opportunities that await you beyond Brown. As I look forward to sharing this most joyful event with you, there's also a sort of melancholy that I'm going through right now. For starters, I will no longer have any reason to write you these posts at Brown Bears Admirers. Yeah, I admit it…. I'm gonna miss doing this :(

Well, since I've started with this trite confession, I might as well confess to a few other things…

First – what you might see as my mundane paternal duties are actually some of my life's best joys. It is never a burden to lend you my ear and hold your hand from 3,000 miles away (even at 2 in the morning), to support you in whatever way I can, to give you advice and encouragement, even to have my heart break when yours is aching. Because in the end, as I laugh with you and celebrate your victories both great and small, nothing beats the happiness of knowing that I am your father AND your friend.

Second – I'm jealously holding on to these joys. I've done everything I could have to raise you as a strong and independent woman; what I probably should've also done was to prepare myself for the eventuality that you'll be needing less and less of me.

Third – I am wishing, hoping, that even as the years roll on – we'll still be as close as we are today. So wherever life takes you in the pursuit of your dreams, please remember that I will always, ALWAYS be there for you…. and I'm no more than a flight, a ride, a call, or a message away.

That's it for now, maybe I'll write a celebratory post for you on Graduation Day :)

I love you.

Your Brown Dad"

Selin Ozulkulu - Congratulations. You played yourself. #technologicallyhandicapped

Lolita, light of my life, fire of my loins.

(To whoever submitted all the literary first lines today - they're all wonderful, but considering the nature of the page, this is the only one that really fits.  - Two Fish)"

To every kind soul who has been ordering omelets at the ratty for me off that crazy new app, you are the best!
Does anyone know where I can get that app???

P.S. are you single?"

I was leaving new dorm last night and ran into a boy with the most gorgeous eyes. I thought you were really cute; I was wearing a purple sweater. Hope to run into you again!

You are the love of my life. Always have been, always will be. Not sure when our paths will next cross, but until then, thinking about you constantly and missing you like crazy. <3

To the girl who whistled the completing phrase of my whistling "Dream a little dream of me" at the 1st floor Rock staircase around 9:15, I didn't see your face but we're clearly soulmates. You have the whistle of an angel - I'll be dreaming of you ;)

Betty Peng. Baadmash. Wowee

Girl in the drum for the dragon dance performance at Asian Arts Fest..... I think you're cute :)

Justin Braga: you may be a conservative in the streets, but I wanna see if you're liberal in the sheets ;)

To all the black women on campus, you are beautiful, kind, intelligent, funny, and so goddamn strong. I admire each and every one of you for being so open and loving and real. Despite anyone's crap you all stand so defiantly. You all are the real definition of #BlackGirlMagic. Don't ever ever EVER stop being who you are or stop claiming the beauty that's in your skin & in your hearts. You are all loved and appreciated immensely ❤️

Zach Riopelle: the instant I saw you, I was almost overcome with the desire to sing songs from kind-of-super-obscure Broadway musicals. Thank you for reminding me that my cold husk of a heart still melts at the raw power of musical theater.

Dear Vanessa Garcia,

Even though you're on the other side of the continental United States right now, I want you to know that you are loved, missed, and admired by so many people on campus. You're one of the most incredible people I know, and you deserve the absolute best that life has to offer. You harbor so many valuable insights and so many talents and skills that the world needs to acknowledge. You're smart, sweet, funny, diligent, beautiful, and simply a gem. You make all of us want to strive to be better people. Keep on being you because there are countless people who'd take your spot in an instant if you stopped doing so. Come back soon; your Brown family adores you.

Love,
One of your many admirers"

He's Korean, he's reserved, and he's taking a course with the book "Norton's Anthology of Theory and Criticism." Who is this mysterious man?

Mary-Francis Gallagher,  you are an ray of sunshine. I'm so glad that I met you my freshman year. You are so loved.

Eric Jang: SO BRAIN, SO BOSS. how do i catch your eye??

Samantha Donovan

Don't listen to the haters. Your dedication to Powerade, Cinnamon, and athletic wear serves as daily inspiration. Tumblr wishes you were on it, and so does half of the men's hockey team ;)"

Ian Knapp - You're pretty cute. Single?

To the sweetest girl I know. I never thought that you'd take a chance on us, but I'm so glad that you have. You make me fall more in love with you everyday. I'm so happy to have your red hot passionate personality in my life. Seeing you is always the highlight of my day.

The last two months with you have transformed my time at Brown. I'm hoping you will help me keep it this way. Thanks for helping me up when I'm down.  I hope I do the same for you. Keep it up my little strawberry. :)"

To Brown Badmaash team - you guys are so lit! we will have gud time tmrw yes indeed cannot wait bad what mad maash!!!!! very goood. very veRYYYYY goode010!!!

Anna Pierobon is my role model

Alex Nibley-- I guess I will admire you from afar, but you seem so cool and down to earth. How does one become your friend?

Hans Wang: I admire your honesty, work ethic, and sincere kindness to everyone around you. You are truly amazing, in every sense of the word, and you inspire me to be a better person. I hope our paths cross again in the future.

brian lee- are you single? :)

I miss you. I know that we don't talk anymore, but I just hope that somehow you are reading this and you know that I love you a lot and I wish that we could be together, even if just friends.

I'm thinking of you always."

No, not me. Come on, I'd be more subtle than that. sneeze.

I saw you gliding into the SciLi today around noon, sugar pink hair voluminous and glittering in the sunlight. You stood out to me like a soft, delicate beacon -- and your friend, holding on to you, melted away from my vision.

Dear friend, where did you get that cotton candy?"

Isabel Tejera, tiene una hermosa sonrisa. Your glasses are super estilosos and your Spanish suave is breathtaking. I really want to get to know you better and see your beautiful smile more often. Maybe I'm being too much of a Quijote pero gustaria ser un Sancho sin Panza. Would you be down to drink some tea/coffee together at Faunce?

murbany - can you teach me Dijkstra's algorithm so I can calculate the shortest path from me to you? Never stop being you, you are the sweetest and coolest TA ever.

To my hands: most of my sexual pleasure comes from you. Thank you SOOOOOOOO much.

P.S. Second shoutout to my feet."

Matt Dudak  - It's been years since I've seen you, and undoubtedly we've both changed. But sometimes you don't seem terribly unlike the boy I met at camp, with cute glasses and (this is still true) a brain too big for his own good. I'll never forget how badly I wanted to catch up to your competitive level (mostly because I wanted to impress you, but also because I wanted to be as good as you were). Even though we're grown up now, I still admire your intelligence, your ambition, and your nigh-impeccable talent of knowing exactly what to say to make me flustered. This is probably setting some record for the longest ‘missed connection' ever, and I don't know when I'll see you next - with your trajectory, probably on TV while you receive a Nobel. Miss you.

D-- For some reason you always make me smile even when I see you for a second. Am I imagining  that behind your dopey awkwardness that you're smiling back?

Emma Herold - Holy shit. You are so damn beautiful, and seem to be amazing at everything. Are you single?

The things I want to say to you can't be said. If only the line between persistent and creepy were clearer...

to everyone on divine rhythm:

y'all slayed my heartstrings tonight, never stop. so lucky to be able to know even some of you #fab"

Maura curry is a goddess

To everyone who went on CHOMUN: I had such a fantastic time, and I'm so happy I got to know each of you a little bit better.

Emily. You're beautiful, you're incredibly smart, and you do so much on this campus. I'm so happy to have gotten to know you this semester.  (:

""She got her own thing,
That's why I love her.
Miss independent,
Won't you come and spend a little time?""""
-Every Brown University Boy who has ever truly loved a Brown University Girl"

Kobe Pereira I am such a fan of you. You are an icon, a true celebrity that this campus does not deserve. You slay me in half. I am the base of your fanbase.

To the person playing The Stylistics in Archibald,

I think I'm in love with you and your taste in music"

Adam Alpert: Your love is my drug.

sofia kadieva, damn baby. you as always, kill me with your extraordinary talent and loving sass. What you created for the brown fashion show was nothing short of spectacular and I can't saw i'm surprised because whenever I see you you are straight up slaying from hair to makeup to outfit to sass to hugs. keep doing you boo, because its working in so many ways

Jesamine Dyus, your eyes are a treat to look at!

Nicholas Wey damn you're so hot

This happened a while ago on Thayer, but thank you to the guy who made sure I was okay after I had to walk past two men who were on the verge of turning their verbal fight into a physical one. Even subtle assurance goes a long way.

major, huge shout out to the andrews cashier who covered for me when i didn't have a credit to pay for my food. i'm on the 7 meal a week plan and i guess i miscounted and also had literally 0 points, bear bucks, or cash on me. thank you so much for being a literal angel sent from heaven

Akila Fang-

You make me swoon when you reach over my shoulder to adjust my buret. Crepes after lab?

-your lovestruck CHEM0350-L08-309 students"

Naryan Murthy - You look exactly like Ryan from the Office, those eyes. Pretty bae.

To the guy appreciating the fat squirrel on the main green april 20th, i appreciate your face

Brooke Spencer- how are you so gorgeous all the time, oh my god. and more importantly, the sweetest and most cheerful person ever.

Marco Luy: I know there's less than a month to go but I really hope to get to know you before the semester ends

Sarah Bochicchio, you're something special. You're straight out of a Jane Austen novel: your handwriting is almost annoyingly perfect, and your quiet sass drives me wild. Be the Lizzie to Darcy please?

Dear Tuba Player on Upper Pembroke,

You have been the best part of several of my days this semester! Esp. your version of Wrecking Ball."

Dear Vanessa Garcia,
You are so pretty, caring, talented, intelligent, and badass. Keep doing you. Love,
Vanessa Garcia"

Tara Hunt is super pretty

Let's do it, Sam Heft-Luthy

Aimee Vue

Thank you for being on this campus. You are so important, alongside being incredibly beautiful."

To my best friend:

I've been there with you through a lot. I've been there when boys have hurt you, and when your friends have been mean. I've been there when you've been stressed out with school and sick and angry and terrified. And I've held your hand and hugged you and done my best to make you feel better.

When I sit there and laugh with you, gazing at you, can you tell that I'm in love with you? Do you know that it's taking me everything I've got not to kiss you? I know that people can't read minds, but what about reading eyes? Isn't it apparent just by looking at me that I've fallen for you, that I fell for you a long time ago?

I want to let everything and everyone else go and ask you out. But then what if all of this between us gets ruined? Better not to say than to say. Let me know, somehow--perhaps, just by liking this post--that if I tell you I love you nothing will be ruined."

To the seniors who live in Porch House.... you killed spring weekend. porch house was lit every night

Quick shout out to the people who don't always get admirers posts, to the people struggling to love themselves on a daily basis, to the people who know rejection more than anything else, to the people constantly told they don't meet the standard for beauty! it's hard out here, and if you ever wonder if you're beautiful, the answer is yes and always yes!

austinnnnn rugraff WHERE ARE U YOURE HAWT!!!!

Vu,
You're actually a god! Every time you performs I'm like damn girl! Congrats on being so talented"

Sreyashi Sharmin is such a ray of sunshine :)

Mike Wyman is so cute. Please run over to my room

Literally Everyone on Brown Badmaash

You all are hella sexy and know how to moooove. Dance with one of your fans at your party next weekend maybe? ;)"

Harrison Pincket,

I don't see you around much anymore--where did you go?

PS You're cute"

I don't know all of you personally but everyone likes compliments right???! Do wow impulse the way you move is so amazing!! special shout outs to Nomvula vu, Chloe kibble, Jason vu, Stanley Munoz, Ashley Thomas. But Wowowow to you all as group. Amazingly well done performances so much talent

mark hays, where are you?

@Roja Garimella's legs are the only reason I even go to Nelson fitness

Julia Cahill, your red lipstick slayed me.

Angelica Johnsen: pls

HAPPY BORTHDAY JORDAN RUBIN-MCGREGOR!!!!

Britt Edelen: I'm so glad to have met you because I really think you've made my life better since entering it. You always know how to make me laugh, and I love hearing you scream from all the way across campus. Keep doing you, because nobody does anything quite like you can.

Can we give a hand to the CS22 TAs (they returned our homework the day it was due)? Like how do you do that omg praise we love you <3 also you're all v sweet and helpful :)))

Neil Chandra, hi! Here is a poem:
You are cute but you're my TA, would you hit it anyway? ;) ❤❤"

Pls friends, tag somebody you know named James who has dreamy brown eyes and dresses really lowkey cool! #help

Shoutout to Sammy Perez for rocking the meme shirts, especially the "I Have Given Up" shirt. You are so genuinely kind and keep killing the game!

Isaac Davis: You are slender and appealing. Your warmth and kindness are appreciated. I like all the words that come out of your mouth.

Nobody can slay it like Stanley Munoz

Elizabeth Yeh: I'm almost graduating and I've never actually had a conversation with you but I honestly think you're the prettiest girl I've seen in my four years at Brown.

All right, can we pause and admire the perfection and goddess that is Betty Peng? I mean, she's brilliant, kind, fierce at dancing, socially conscious, and just INCREDIBLY FUCKING HOT. Betty, basically like please marry me.

Brandon Dale you are one cutie pie

To the cashier in the blueroom on Friday, I really liked your tattoo. Love to hear more about it.

Carter Graves gives the best hugs!

Advik Iyer Guha You're so perfect and it makes me sad because 1) you're 1/2 of a cute couple and 2) even if you weren't you're so far out of my league

Frederick Williams is a beautiful man.
1306  Noah ruttenberg from St. Paul's alpine is tall and mysterious and downhill skis

To the athletes: you have it hard here. The amount of prejudiced by many people on this campus against you all is disgusting. Too many times have I heard that you haven't "earned your way in," how you're "not smart," the list goes on and on. Those people are wrong. I'm not an athlete, but I respect what you do. You work just as hard as the rest of us, if not harder - you just work on different things. I can't say "all of you are wonderful people," because by pure statistics I'm sure at least one of you is an asshole, but every single athlete I've met here has treated me with respect, and I appreciate that. Don't listen to the haters, and know that you're loved.

Lilibeth Martinez, you are one of the most hard working individuals I've met throughout my time at Brown. I don't know how you do it, but you manage to be a great scholar, friend, daughter, and sister. Thank you for giving me some hardcore motivation to keep my head up and try hard in school.

Liz Mogayzel is so friendly and amazing, I <3 her

Nomnomz LLC,

I love your service. Everyday this week I have been devouring your luscious preordered omelets at the ratty. You are Bae.
If you wanna love Nomnomz like I do, fill in your email on this link to be a part of the beta testing at the ratty, and you won't every have to wait in line for an omelet again:
https://docs.google.com/…/1yY8obOC4sckobHA1jXRwlVH3SE…/edit…
Love,
Omelet Monster"	Not Found

to the Brown University Choir - you guys did a great job on Friday!!

Shout out to the guy who high-fived me when I was actually just trying to wave at my friend

That was probably really embarrassing for you, but I loved it"

Naiyah Ambros!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Kevin Garcia is probably the most interesting person on Brown's campus

Brandon Dale- you are so cool and friendly- I wish I had the guts to ask you for coffee and get to know you better, because you seem like an awesome person and a plant genius- by the way,  single?  :)

Emilio Vides-Curnen: what is your skincare routine??? pls respond

To the guy with the beanie and glasses who plays music in the Underground in the afternoon, I am so into your music taste and I am so into you.

To Karen (my bus buddy back from Gala)
You are beautiful, and I enjoyed our conversation. Good luck with all your goals in the world of finance. -Gus"

I saw Justice Gaines at gala and had to take a lap around the dance floor just to regain my composure.

The guy who works at the Blue Room at 9am on Saturdays is so beautiful, it makes getting up that early worth it. How does one get to know you, Hot Blue Room Breakfast Guy?

Thomas Nath--

Damn. That smile though."

Edward Tie- You're an incredible person. That style. That intellect. That booty. Never change.

Edan, you are awfully cute.

Jenny Kim: you look so good!!!!!!!!!!!

Helya Azadmanesh-Samimi:	Timeline Photos

Helena Soler-

I offer you love in bits that we could handle,
give them to you as pieces that won't be blinding,
serve them to you as cookies that we could share.

I hide them between leaves, as seeds,
place them beneath rocks, as guides,
whisper them into this everywhere, as promises.

No risk in them save those of life,
no peril that's not been sighted,
no part in them that's not my soul.

Coffee sometime?"

Just a glance from Hannah Langmuir makes my day

Ayenna Cagaanan,

Heard that you're single now...it's about darn time!!!

Hope you're ready for another relationship because I'm coming straight for you ;)

-Your future soulmate"

To the girl who just called out "hush" and effectively stopped the people talking loudly in the 0HZ zone in the Scili basement, you are my new goddess. Thanks for keeping a girl from losing her mind at 3am :)

I was sitting across the table from my friend, discussing midterms.

When you sat at the other end of the table, we made eye contact. My heart skipped a beat.

You kept looking over.

And I wanted to say something, but I was speechless.

I noticed your deep brown (bear) eyes.

I got distracted from doing work.

I hope you noticed.

You looked over again.

And again.

And again.

I messaged my friend through Facebook and asked if he could be my wingman and give you my number.

But you left too soon.

The one that got away."

hwi jae shin : i like your smile ! ! !

Dude, get the hint. Send me a NACK or ask me out to do something if interested.

Sincerely,
Ms. Patiently Waiting...

* NACK - in communications theory, a NACK is a negative acknowledgement protocol message used to tell transmitter of message that the message was rejected! Whomp."

To the Will who lives on Williams Street

I admire how many drunk friends you have and their capacity to yell for you at the top of their lungs at midnight. That's love dude."

Rodell Jefferson III bring that ass here boy

Sung Hee Han - Oh my god.  I have such a crush on you.

Highkey into Andrew Sheinfield

Ana Alejandre-Lara: Your existence is one of the best parts of being at this school. You manage to be simultaneously kind, thoughtful, academic, and completely badass. Keep on being exactly who you are. <3

Shireen Boshar:
You are one of the most committed people I have ever met in my life. You're a great person to be around and an absolute gem."

Ben Hayslett: you are actually gorgeous. Looking at you just makes me happy. But I'd love to do more than look... single? ;)

Emma Margulies - would just like to add to my earlier post. I think you are a marvelous person! You are an incredible artist and have the most infectious laugh. You brighten my days ... and my nights ;)

Emma Margulies I wanna tangle my fingers in your luscious curls

Julian Jacobs- you are truly stunning. I can't take my eyes off you.

Amara Majeed:

I think it goes without saying that you are one of the most inspiring people on this campus. Brown is lucky to have you, and you affirm my conviction as a religious person and as a woman."

Liam Campbell--

You are a handsome devil, and kind, too.

If you're available, maybe let an admirer take you out for coffee sometime?

XXX"
	Brown Bears Admirers's cover photo

Giovanni Scarlatti-
You will never notice me but know that you have a secret admirer <3"

Hi universe/Brown community.

I would like someone who is safe, gentle, kind and a good listener who would let me lean on, cuddle with, (little) spoon and kiss them. If it would make you happy, I'd also like to exchange gifts and tell each other we are wonderful. That's all I need and am ready for - I'm not ready for much nakedness or sexuality right now (although all of that can be absolutely lovely!). I also don't think I could handle it if you fell in love with me because that is a lot of pressure and kind of scary! I'm just a person. Please love yourself and know that you are awesome and deserve a great life, even if we end up not together.

Thank you universe/Brown community.
xo"

Polina Viktorovna- you are still one of the most stunning girls I've ever met. Just had to say it.

How do I get my heart back from Andrew Stone because he straight up stole it

Brooke Spencer reminds me of a beautiful bird. She graces us all with her birdly presence

Um, Allie Doyle, you're really tasty. Wanna make the beast with two backs? ;) I like pickles too

Layla Abdulla - I've fallen head over heels for you ever since we performed at Deewani yesterday. I've tried to reach out but your savagery is just too much for me to handle sometimes, but my growing love can't be kept silent. I hope we can become closer """"friends"""" ;)

Date at the VDub sometime???"

Jordan Anderson- you have the best ass of any guy here. Like damn.

Keenan Line, you are beautiful, the kind of beautiful that gets peoples' hearts beating in double-time before they even realize it. I figured you'd like to know ~

To the entire SASA E-Board:

Y'all killed it at Deewani. Thank you for celebrating South Asian culture here at Brown and for being so inclusive.

Definitely gonna miss the master Soham Rege--but who isn't?"

Cooper Penner -- I saw you a few weeks ago talking to a homeless person on Thayer Street. Just wanted to let you know that your act of kindness was touching.

Fuck with ya boy slim

s/o to the gorgeous biochem TAs during the exam in B&H

Arianne Spaulding... wow. What do I even write to get my thoughts across? Whether its in office hours, class, or the Barus and Holley lobby, you're always working so intently. Your drive is palpable. At the same time, you're totally down-to-earth.  I've felt a deep admiration and respect for you since first semester (as a lot of people have).

Oh, also, you're stunningly beautiful, so there's that.

All in all, I haven't spoken to you nearly as much as I'd like to (what could justify breaking that iron focus?)  but I hope to find a good time in the future. Regardless, just know that a random guy out there is seriously rooting for you ;)"

Ahmed Elsayed has got the finest booty in the Western Hemisphere

Olivia Langley has such a beautiful, gentle way of speaking.

T Alexander Chen - you are the most gorgeous TA in the entire CS department. Also you dress really nice. And you're hella good at explaining things. Would you consider dating one of your students? ;)
882 -	Timeline Photos

KD girls are the hottest girls on campus hands down.

Casey Berkowitz - we have class together and we talk occasionally.. and every time I see you I can't help but think how beautiful you are, besides being such an awesome, nice person!
I'm trying to find the guts to ask you out.. should I?"

alexa cohen - one time in freshman year you invited me to hang out with you and some of your friends during a perkins party. i've always regretted saying no and working on chemistry homework, because you are just so pretty and I really would have loved to get to know you. ah well. maybe one day i'll invent a time machine and say yes.

Barrett Hazeltine is the reason I am who I am today. no comments on what kind of person i am.

Goat boy at the rock where are you please we both love goats look https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ULUAGZ6XDak	Ultimate Funny Goat Compilation HD

Boy in orange shirt and black hair: I stood next to you while you were getting chicken noodle soup at dinner today (2/25). I see you also sit in the front cave a lot, and I wish I knew you better, but I don't know how to start a conversation in a not-weird way based only on a shared preferred eating space. Sit with me sometime?

Nathan Vanelli

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cPgL-LbMO88"	Body on Me (Fetty Wap Remix) [Audio]

Eliany Dominguez:  your eyebrows are goals and you are as beautiful as a shiny striped umbrella

Jeremy Wortzel is a great human being, which is more than I can say for most people

To the cashier at Jos on Wednesday evening/Thursday morning up until ~1:15am:

I've been seeing you around a lot lately. We made some serious eye contact when I came by and you left me blown away. I went to the bathroom to comb my hair so that I can ask you out to lunch, and came back to find you gone. Please identity yourself so that I may ask you out to lunch :P

-Admirer"

Someone hit on me outside of Jos, I had been seeing him seeing me before but I didn't catch his name. Help :( he's cute y'all

Elizabeth Stagg

I've wanted a shot with you since freshman year. Are you single?"

Mitch Panton
Why don't I ever see you anymore?? Also, you should find me before we graduate ;)"

Fernando Medina
The opportunity cost of you not meeting me backstage is a good ass night ;)"

happy presidents day

Dylan Jordan. I love the way you look in your pajama bottoms and backwards hat. You're like a cozy little muffin. Spoon me?

Josh Remland date me please

To the person who left the three frozen bags of edamame beans in the Archibald kitchen, shout out to you because those beans saved my legs. They make great ice packs, just thought you should know. Also, what is your favorite ice cream flavor because I need to repay you for forgetting your food and inadvertently helping me in the process.

Ratty lines @ noon. I love you!

not really"

I already miss Sud :(

Frosina Pancheva

Whenever I see you in the Sci-Li, I can't catch my breathe. How do you keep on being so stylish every single day? I crumble every time I see you walk by and can't offer you a compliment only you can understand. (Please, teach me Macedonian!)

This is kind of embarrassing, but will you wear that sexy white coat from the science lab for me?"

Liz Oakley – the most beautiful human

Adam Hersko-Rona-Tas,
Stop being so perfect, you inspire lust."

To the guy that looks like the male dancer from Justin Bieber's Love Yourself video and sat next to me in our Math90 final, damn boy you are hot and you have great exam style!

Jesse Siegel:
@694 Maybe you too...
- same person"

Tristen Moseley,
You are so fucking cute, but I don't know you, so I'm left wondering if you're single and into guys."

689 wasn't a joke... awkward

Beatriz Vianna,

tbh, you're bae. (stay hot)"

To all Brown students who don't support Donald Trump:

You all make me proud to be at Brown :)"

Sometimes I just go on this page and look at all the people who get admirers posts on here. They're all hella hot! Y'all have good taste/this campus is sexy.

Also, hi Conor O'byrne! I love you and your sexy sexy body. Ay Ay."

Yuzuka Akasaka,

Everybody should know about your heart of gold. Your kindness and understanding will be appreciated by me forever. You're hilarious, trustworthy, and a true friend. Thanks for being around ❤️"

Elodi Healy-
I think I fell for you in Neuro 1 section this semester. Hope to see you around campus!"

ily, chem360 tas

Madison Shiver:
You are very very very very very attractive."

Seeing you today as I was heading to the SciLi made me realize that I still care a lot about you. I would put my pride aside to have an actual conversation with you, but I'm not sure if you would even want to talk to me. I still wonder if I, our friendship, and/or our relationship ever meant anything to you.

Michael Markell - Just an overall quality dude- funny, handsome, friendly. You're someone that I really look up to and admire

I have a crush on Josh Sondock... just gonna put it out there.

Unit 3 - I love you all.

To anyone in CLPS0900-S01.... "GOOD MORNING" and fuck the system! Have a great break and remember that even though your 91 is a B, you are an A+ person.

Fatima Husain:

You were such a helpful TA this semester! Thanks so much for your help. I have a tiny little girl crush on you ;)"

CS15 TA: I don't take the class and idk ur name but I've got my eye on you ;)

Tru Narla
I've developed quite the crush on you. Damn you're cute"

To all those studying for Physio, especially all those in my room studying rn, you are great people. May the force be with you and good luck on the test!

(Sorry we didn't post this on time! -One Fish)"

You: tall, dashing, opened the door for me this morning (Friday) in Archibald

Me: still in my pajamas, wearing rainboots and a bandana in my hair, carrying back my breakfast from the Ratty and a balancing milk on my to go box

Gentle sir, my gratitude for this small act of kindness. Perhaps I can treat you to a proper thank you sometime? My treat."

How effective is it to tell a guy how you feel? Is there any chance he might say yes or will you just end up even more heartbroken? I know it's fine to get rejected but I already have physical symptoms of pain.

Roja Garimella - I can't help but stare, your natural beauty is hypnotizing!! What's the secret to your flawlessness?? Are you seeing anyone?? Do you want to have my babies???!

orgo students who are stressing over the final:

u can do it"

Douglas Villalta - I kind of really like you. Kind of because I haven't had the chance to get to know you very well, but really because your kind and endearing personality totally blew me away. Here's to hoping our paths cross a little more often next semester.

p.s. hope your semester ends on a good note :)"

To the genetics ta who changed "curly flies" on my pset to "curly fries lol" thank you for making me laugh out loud in the scili this morning. Hope your finals are going well!

So late the other night I got on the Brown shuttle, and the only other person was this guy in the front with his jacket on and hood up. After hopping on and saying a quick ""Hi how are you?"" I dragged myself to the back of the shuttle exhausted. I was not paying much attention until I noticed the student and the shuttle driver were having a conversation about life. From my understanding, it seemed like the guy had told him finals were pretty rough. I started tuning in and my heart was lifted at the sweet exchange that occurred. The driver repeatedly told the student how it was our job to work hard, to work for our parents, to work for us, to work for our future families. He told him one day from now he was going to walk inside his house with no stress, and kids running up to him saying ""Daddy!"" I was smiling to myself this entire time until my heart broke at his next words.
""You don't want to be like me, driving around late at night, multiple jobs, not at home."" I sat there stunned at how straightforward and honest he was being, and there was a silence for a few moments.

Then he said the kindest words in return, and I am so thankful to have heard them. He told the driver, ""I think there is honor in what you do, how you work so hard for your family."" There was so much sincerity in his voice, and I was so impressed with this genuine boy who I doubt I could ever recognize again. If you see this, just know you made my night and I am sure you made the shuttle driver's as well. Thank you for being you."

Francesco D'Amato:
Haven't seen you around campus for quite a while - I miss our conversations and how genuine you are. Hope finals are going/went well and have a wonderful holiday!"

to the guy who was eating at the blue room with Marcus sudac on Thursday at like 1:30: you're very cute

Frederick Williams

I think you're super cute and I lowkey have been eyeing you since forever. I want to get to know you because I hear you're really nice and I want you to want me as badly as I want you"

Colby parsons: I'm sad I didn't get to know you better over the semester. but there's always spring right?

I have noticed a lot of unconfessed love around on this page lately. I just want to remind everyone that you miss 100% of the shots you don't take. Whether you're right under the rim or going for that full court buzzer beater, never underestimate your ability. Shoot your shots, everyone. You never know what might happen.

And even if you airball into the stands, or it rolls around in the rim before falling out--there is so much more time in the game, and so many more shot opportunities.

Find that person you've been thinking about and holding words in the back of your throat for. And see what happens when you take a chance.

You might just be Steph Curry with the shot."

I think your name is Regan and you're on the gymnastics team. Anyways I think you're really cute and would like to get to know you next semester

Tim Tali you are a beautiful human being.

To the guy sitting in the blue room wearing a pink hat on Thursday
Every time I see you I get too nervous because you look so cool, but I can picture the next 60 years of my life with you. Next semester be mine?"

Abid Haseeb: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4IRdw_Qgwqc	Chip Skylark - My Shiny Teeth and Me

To the one I've been crushing on:

Thank you for helping me though a difficult time, even though you have no idea that you even helped me through a difficult time. You're one of the friendliest, most lovable and hilarious people I've ever met. Being around you brought me back to life after a long time of feeling upset.

Now that I understand you and I will not happen, I think it's smart for me to move on. You're too friendly, too lovable and too hilarious to not fall in love with. Before I begin to resent you, I think it's time for me to go."

Marcy Huang: You are so lovely in every way.

to that guy with the beard next to the cereal, please please please notice me when I walk by tomorrow @ noon sharp. ;)

i want lots of cocks shuffling around in my mouth, but none more so than that of the brown men's tennis team ;)

BEOs will you help me find a man I met on the 824 train to Boston? His name's Mike and is one of your mentors.
Curse my awkwardness... I immediately regretted not asking for his number the second I lost my chance. Hope to find you!
Sincerely,
the girl in the cowboy boots"

Patricia Paulino, you are so beautiful. Every time I see you, I can't help but look. I can honestly say that you have one of the greatest smiles on this Earth. Are you single?

Today's a good day. One of the first good days in way too long. I wanted to write myself a note that I could look back on during bad days, but then I decided that I'm not the only one on campus who struggles with depression. To all those out there who are depressed or having a hard time for other reasons, here's a message for your bad days, or weeks, or months:

The absolute worst times are not endless. They may seem endless; you no longer tell yourself that it will get better because every time you've told yourself that before, it's only gotten worse. But keep trying. Keep going through the motions. Imagine yourself in a room surrounded by the people who care about you. Yes, people care about you. I care about you.

Today's only a good day because I asked for help several months ago. Hell, I pleaded for help. Asking for help is not a sign of weakness; it's a sign of strength. Go to CAPS,  visit the Champlain's Office, talk to deans and professors and RPLs, and let your friends know what's going on. They all want to help. You are worth it. It will be worth it.

Depression doesn't get better overnight, and I know there might be more days in the future when I can't imagine what happiness feels like. That's why I'm writing this now to remind myself (and you) that happiness exists and is attainable. You are so much stronger than you can possibly imagine. Recovery is a process that might stall at times. Hang in there, one day at a time.

As I approach my nineteenth birthday and the New Year, looking back at the past year is too painful, so I'll chose to look ahead. After being in the dark for so long, I am eternally grateful for every moment of happiness, however rare they may be. Smiling or laughing still feels unnatural, but I know that my cheeks will soon remember the motions.

To everyone, not just those who are depressed: take time during this break to feel gratitude for the little moments of joy. Remind yourself that there is light ahead.

Endless thanks to my friends, teammates, peers, professors, and counselors for reminding me that there is light."

Kevin Cole, you look really cute in that bear-a-thon tee at nelson. Any chance you're into guys?

Mia Kahil is one of the most memorable people I've met at Brown. Zeir's compassion, intelligence, and friendliness make my day every time I see zem.

Sakura,

You're my inspiration. When I'm bogged down with finals or work, it is knowing how you handle tough times that makes me realise there is so much more than just studies and it puts my own academics in perspective. You're truly a beautiful person and I'm so glad I've gotten to know you this semester. Do take care of yourself, and know that you are loved deeply by many, and if you ever need anything, your friends are there for you, always."

Dear Luiza Silva,

Please take care of your self...don't stress out too much about your finals, I'm sure you'll do great as you always do. Don't forget to have fun and enjoy yourself as well. Miss seeing you smile"

Dan Murphy '19

You'd never be able to tell by the way you're always hunched over your laptop, but your abs are fire and I know your face will be too when you read this. Hmu."

Brian Elizalde

You are such a cute and wonderful TA.  I look forward to every section and it's the thing I look forward to most every week.  I love everything about you and I just wish I was around you more.  I fall more in love each time I see you.  I've never met anyone so hot, smart, and kind all at the same time.  Also, I love your Frida Kahlo phone case.  I hope one day you notice me, too."

Claire Rhee,

You are one of the best TAs I have come across at Brown. Thank you for all of your help and good luck with your final!

A student in advanced biochem"

I have so many feelings for you. I don't know how this happened to me or why. I never meant to do anything to cause you distress that's just how I am. I understand that maybe you don't see it but please stop hurting me (and pls talk to me!!). I'm in love with you.

Going to miss the shit out of sud.

Soham Rege,

I've only gazed at you from far away. Why won't your muscles gaze back. A poem for you."
"645- Ryan Walsh,

Your eyes entrance me. You have great hair. Walsh me your love. A poem for you."

Michael Markell- the way your calf muscles form at a 90 degree angle makes other parts of my body form into a 90 degree angle.

To everyone who's had a massive crush on their (grad) TA this semester... DID ANYONE DO ANYTHING ABOUT IT?

to the girl crying in the scili staircase tonight (12/15):

It sounded like you were going through a really serious family problem. I hope that everything is okay. Thank you for reminding me to put my finals in perspective, and that all of this work must eventually go to ease the pain of this world."

i would like to be engaged in coitus with russell shelp. i like fire and i hope you have as much in your head as you do on your head ;)

Betsy Waisel:

You were in one of my classes last year and I always looked forward to seeing you because you're super cute and you have a delightful voice."

To the boyf of a year and a half —

I don't show my appreciation for you nearly enough, but thanks for being the smartest, funniest, most caring, most loving, and most incredible person in the world.

And thanks for singing hotline bling with me even when I forget the words and mumble. u da real mvp boo <3

xoxo
from your very very secret admirer ;)"

To Kate Ferguson - the champion of Brown University Meal Share - I have never had the pleasure of meeting you over a swipe, but as someone who has turned to this site during difficult financial times, thank you.  Every time one of your posts comes up on my news feed (which has become a very common occurrence over the past week) I am impressed by your endless generosity and willingness to make yourself available time and time again.  I hope one day our paths cross because you seem like an incredible person!

And the same goes for every single person that contributes to this group. It brings me so much comfort and happiness to know that a group like this exists at Brown.  Your generosity never goes unnoticed. (: Thank you!"

To Tomi Onabanjo,

Your laughter is infectious and you always bring smiles to those around you!

- Anonymous"

Andy van Dam's legs.

joengelm - now that you're not my TA anymore... ;)

To the gorgeous boy at the ratty  who looks like a tennis-playing Connor from How to Get Away with Murder sitting by the cereal with his sporty friends at 4:15 on Tuesday,

I never believed in love at first sight until my eyes found you. Maybe one day we can get a bowl of cereal...with two spoons.

P.S Congratulations on your impeccable facial hair"

To every customer at the Blue Room who asks me how finals are going, or actually engages me conversation while I'm making your food or swiping your card: Thank you for your kindness and for your recognition of my humanity. It means more than you know.

One Fish and Two Fish:

You guys (gals?) are great administrators of the page. You are in a position to do a lot of good and take advantage of that fact. Thank you for your blog posts and your dedication. I hope we get to know you two one day."

Melodi Dincer- I've had my eye on you for a while, but I'm not sure if you're single. Please, http://cdn.buzznet.com/assets/imgx/2/2/6/5/3/8/9/3/orig-22653893.jpg	cdn.buzznet.com

Shoutout to the CS33 TAs,
Y'all are the hottest, smartest, coolest group of programmers in the department. I can't be the only one who can't wait for next semester to try and catch one of you..."

To 619: I hope you know you're the most beautiful of any of us.
Your words are a salve to my finals inflicted wounds - an oasis in a desert of word counts and desperate outlines - the sun breaking through the clouds just as the rain of crumpled, forgotten-about problem sets finally begins to abate.

Thank you for taking time out to say the things you did. I hope YOU know how amazing it is that you're fucking doing it. You're at this difficult, frustrating, unfair, poorly run, misguided, unfriendly, BEAUTIFUL school and you're doing it.

Keep it up, Brunos!"

Cameron McKie,

There is this twinkle in your eye that I can still see even when I have my eyes closed. My hope for the rest of my time at Brown is to actually talk to you one day and not stare at you like a creep from across the Ivy Room. There's just something about you; I don't know if its whether we have the same accent or what but one day a random girl will talk to you and feel like she's achieved the unachievable. Look out for her <3"

Asya Igmen -- I've known you since freshman year. You have always amazed me with your enthusiasm, ambitiousness and energy. Love that aura you've got. Also, you hot girl.

Thank you to all TAs who put in the time to help their students pass finals even when they have their own finals to deal with. Your time and energy is appreciated.

To the naked donut runners: you are all so brave, so beautiful so great! I was so stressed in the sci li and you all just made finals so much chiller. It takes guts to do what you guys do! We all appreciate it!

To Ping,
I such big crush on you!. you single?"

To the Brown student currently banging their head against the desk because of finals:

STOP. You are amazing, don't forget it. You're here for a reason! The sun is shining, the air is pure, and you are so fucking beautiful. Damn, I feel so proud to be surrounded by this many intelligent, kind, GOOD LOOKING, motivated individuals.

When a professor says, "This paper isn't good," remember: YOU ARE NOT YOUR PAPER. YOU ARE ENOUGH.

When a friend says, "It feels so good to be done with finals early," remember: IF YOU ARE NOT DONE WITH FINALS, THAT'S OKAY. YOU ARE ENOUGH.

When a classmate (we all know the one) says, "that final was so easy," and you're like, "that was literally the hardest thing I've ever done wtf that was a tough test," remember: THAT TEST DOES NOT DEFINE YOU. YOU ARE ENOUGH.

This one goes out to everyone that hasn't gotten a Brown Admirer's post before because they're busting their ass in the Scili basement or the Sun Lab.  This one goes out to all the people that spend their Friday nights in the Absolute Quiet Room. This one goes out to all the professors that grade papers generously and remember that FOR CHRIST'S SAKE WE ARE ALL DOING OUR BEST YOUR CLASS IS NOT THE ONLY ONE THAT WE ARE TAKING GET IT THROUGH YOUR THICK HEADS!

Everyone take a deep breath, treat yourself to a nice bath, and fucking destroy these finals. We're all just ants on a giant spinning sphere, and EVERYTHING IS GOING TO BE OKAY.

Stay hydrated."

To the girl cashiering at Andrews on 12/14 between 2:30 and 3 pm, wearing a navy sweatshirt from her volleyball team in high school: your wishing people good luck on finals was incredibly sweet and needed! Thanks for all that you do!

To my fellow CS33 students, we're almost there! We've all worked so hard this semester, don't let databse get you down! You can do it!
And to the CS33 TAs, we wouldn't have gotten this far without you, you are all incredible. Special shout outs to the HTAs and the TAs who answer Piazza questions at 4am!

[all hail twd]"

Charlotte Senders is a real gem!

To you who I never see anymore,

WHERE ARE YOU WHERE DID YOU GO"

Anton Manzano

I find you very lively attractive, so I look you up on Facebook and noticed your profile pic. :( :(  Needless to say, you're cute and all."

Ruth Bamuwamye  is one of the most insightful, empathetic, intelligent, funny, and authentic people I've met at Brown. Plus she's sassy and sexy in all the right ways. Love me.

Frances Kronenberg,

You have the most beautiful and warm laughter on this planet. I'm pretty sure it has the potential to cure depressions"

Aansh Shah
You wonderful meerkat you. You single?"

Alex Iyer: you are the sexiest guy omg please rock my world

Chelsea Fernando keeps it fucking real. Never ending praise for her humanistic, woke-ass comedy. Chelsea you are so fucking cool, everyone else is just trying so hard but you just get it

Willa Tracy: You are one of the most genuine people I know. Thank you for being you.

Malikah Williams - I was down with finals blues but DAMN those leggings you wore tonight made me forget I was cooped up at the Rock on a Friday night. Looking for a senior scramble ;)?

Emily Henning is great :)

To the guy who walked into Macmillan during the neuro review to pick up his stuff: you are adorable, thanks for making my night.

Louisa Conwill,

When you explain pattern matching, the lovebug is what I'm catching. You amazing.

Hmu."

April Tran:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kT3OQwyvKmk"	OG Maco - U Guessed It (Official Video)

Dayton Williams,

We miss you! Come back to campus dad!"

Eve Zelickson, why you twerkin on stage when you can twerk on this dick? hmu babe

Betty Peng, I've had my eyes on you since day 1 but we never got the chance to really talk much. Also I don't think I'm your type but I still think you're sexy as hell.

Rebecca Cheng is a wonderful human. That is all.

There's a boy I like who, when I see him, makes me smile so much, makes me laugh, and makes me feel understood and respected. How beautiful is that?

To the guy I saw at IMP, I keep seeing you around and we keep making eye contact but we never actually meet. Maybe one day I'll have the courage to go say hi

To my fellow CS TAs ~~
I am continually amazed by the commitment and passion I see every day around the department. You are all such brilliant, interesting, talented, and, most importantly, selfless individuals. The countless hours you put in (especially the extra hours you take out of the time you could be spending on other things) make such an important difference in so many students' lives. And always remember that even when you have a student that's being difficult, what you do is appreciated 100x over again by the students whose grades (and confidence) you build up. I know I myself wouldn't be in CS without the support of the UTA program, and being a TA now I see how much goes into making our department possible. Thank you for being such exceptional role models, mentors, teachers, and friends <3"

Vandhani Ravi,

You always smell of the sweetest wildflowers, but the sweetest by far is you. How I'd love to be a garland of Jasmine woven into your gossamer hair--e'er part of you--and bask in your warmth, on these cold winter nights. But I feel flowers, in all their magnificence, are far too transient to describe a beauty as intransmutable as your own."

hane jan:

keep up the good work

stay sexy"

Zoë Gilbard, so special, so joyous, so stunning! keep doing that thing you do!!

I <3 Hannah Lam

Paton Ricaud: you are so sweet and caring - everytime we talk I end up feeling a lot happier!

Asher Woodbury is such a cutie. A literal ray of sunshine who never fails to make me smile.

Evan Browning:

You are a ray of sunshine on a cloudy day!"

Liam Dean you beautiful creature. We matched on tinder but just like in real life, I never gathered the courage to ask you on a date. My only goal for the spring semester is a rendezvous with you.

Eli Binder -
your classic Brooklyn hipsterism really gets me going, especially when I see you at the gym doing pull-ups. Wear that asparagus hat more often."

To the Christian student group who gave out cookies at the Rock just because you wanted to do something nice for those of us working there: thank you!! The cookies were delicious and you all are amazing!

To the girl studying in Kim Koo Library today with a sticker of a turtle on her laptop:
you are jaw dropping"

Maryori Conde is one of the most inspirational women on campus. She works so hard with all the classes/jobs/etc. she does, and I, like many others, look up to her as a role model. I know you've been tired, Maryori, but just know you have a wonderful set of friends willing to support you.

yo to the ppl I was mean-muggin' at the Rock tonight (12/10 at around 1am), I'm sorry. Y'all are probably lovely people. I should have just moved when y'all started talking and left out the very obvious glares. I hope finals are treating you well and I didn't discourage any studying or ruin your mood or bothered you in any way <3

to all the cleaning staff:
people here make messes everywhere they go and are too inconsiderate to clean them up but have no problem cleaning themselves of responsibility. y'all deserve so much love and respect. y'all better."

To the guy sitting alone in a grey Brown sweatshirt in the back of the organ concert, can I keep you company?:)

Meisha Lamb-Bell

the back of yo head is ridiculous- hmu sometime girl ;)"

Tynan Couture-Rashid, your league skills make me super wet

Arundhati Ponnapa, you have the most gorgeous smile! Wish I saw it more often.

Julia Petrini,

You're a godess. I'm in one of your classes, but I don't think you notice me. The Christmas sweater you wore today was so flattering. Maybe I'll gather the confidence to ask you out one day"

Victor Brechenmacher,

You're dapper af...we should probably be dating, but you playin'.
Slide into my DMs

-VP"

hi Maryam Ahmad has the cutest face ever okay byeeeeeeeeeeeeeee

jk notice me pls"

Nathan Danesghar is handsome and sweet. Wish he would talk to me more!

Ruth Miller,
You are perhaps the most gorgeous person at this school."

Sophia Gluskin-Braun:

My heart jumps a little bit every time I see you. You're such a beautiful person, and so smart too. I wish I had the courage to talk to you more."

To my roommates:  Thanks for putting up with my shit and giving me a hand when I've needed it.  I don't thank you much, because that'd be awkward and everyone would be uncomfortable, but I really do appreciate you guys a lot.  <3

Iris Shao,
We're not close but I just wanted to say that you're stunning. You're beautiful and have an amazing personality!"

marguerite kemp-Sherman, you're so funny and I'm so glad that we went to prospect park to watch the sunset that one time. let's do that again?

Tynan Couture-Rashid, you're gorgeous, but we won't have class together next semester... Text me ;) ;)

An Truong,

Mmm I love that sexy accent of yours. I hope one day you'll be saying it while we make sweet love."

Dear Gail at the Ratty:

Your hi makes me smile and makes my day. I think I'm in love with u!!!! Kisses and hugs!!!"

RW,

Vous etes tres bon. Chaque jour je reve a toi je voudrais etre seul avec vous"

To A.L

I'm in love avec toi"

Liam Dean-Johnson, you are perfect.

Nathan Zack—when do you leave providence? and is all that for the taking until then?

Sea-Jay Van Der Ploeg

i got my eye on you ;)"

The student staff at the IT Service Center are all so friendly and attractive

I'm really thankful for you, Emma Willis. Your presence is vital to this campus. You make everything a little brighter.

Thank you to the person who left this note for me in the bathroom of Salomon. You made my day.	Timeline Photos

Ileana Wu:

you're too pretty for this planet"

Jonathan Hagedorn:

You are FINE ;) I also dig your eagle tattoo. Please tell me you're straight? Senior scramble?"

Deak Nabers: boss mothafucka

Marc Sredojevic: are you single? You've got a great smile and seem pretty nice...

Elbert Wang:

I don't know much about you, but you've always caught my eye when I see you during class. I hope one day I work up the courage to talk to you. Btw- you seem really intelligent and you dress smartly :')"

AJ Ballard you are a beautiful chocolate roll too good for this world, too pure

Dan Ziring, I hope to be called by you every time I go to TA hours. I admire your patience and intelligence so much. Thank you so much for a great term!!! And to the rest of the CS15 TAs as well!!!

-a shy CS15 student :)"

To all the WBRU people
Y'all are amazing. And hot. And alternative."

To the People who helped me home last night,

I am eternally grateful for what you did. I don't even know your names but your actions were incredibly noble and selfless. I applaud your patience with my drunk-self, and the two of you handled the situation unbelievably well.

I cannot thank you enough, I owe both of you big time! <3

(also, if anybody finds a phone and/or a wallet lying around somewhere... feel free to PM the name on the IDs/credit cards... asking for a friend...)"

Abid Haseeb:

I don't know who wrote the last post about you, but if they meant it as a joke, they shouldn't have. I'm talking especially about the relihious thing. As a freshmen coming into the MSA last year, I was inspired by your devotion, expertise, and passion for Islam. You have helped me grow in my faith and in my life. I look up to iou and regret your departure next year."

Roja Garimella,
You caught my eye last semester and I've thought about you a lot since. I got beaten to the punch last spring, but I heard recently that you guys didn't work out? He wasn't worth your time. I will be."

Isabella McCormack - you are awesome sexy little EMT! I need another personal checkup from you ! Come back

To my CS partner: Secretly, I think you're pretty hot and really fun to be around.  Problem is, I'm pretty sure I'm not your type, so I doubt I'll ever pursue anything with you beyond just being friends and working together.  I'm not usually one to settle, but I have enough fun banging out code with you to be happy. :P

Derek Mesman-Hallman. You are a genuinely kind human being. I just wish you were wrapped in less layers of mystery. Also I want your nips.

Tamar- you are always running through my mind. I cannot stop thinking about you and your infectious personality. I love you just as much as you love cats and can only imagine the future we could have together. Xoxoxoxoxoxo

To Anna Su

Damn girl your fashion game is edgy af this year, keep it up ;)"

Bruno Zuccolo - that booty so fine

Adalberto Garcia,

Kind of crushing on you ;)"

Nathan Malimban -- You are one of the most genuinely kind and loving people I know. You are also extremely intelligent and I hear you're an amazing CS17 TA. It's a pleasure and an honor to be your friend. Keep killin' it.

To the guy I kissed once last year. I want to kiss you again. The whole awkward conversations, hugs, and just being friends thing isn't working.

Sam Lanier:

ILY bb, you articulate beast."

Julia Tompkins:

Today you helped me realize that I am not completely straight."

Dolapo Akinkugbe, you single?

https://soundcloud.com/dapthecontract/know-better-ft-tone"	Know Better (ft. Tone) - DAP The Contract

Tom Doeppner - Cut me in half with your sword?

Abid Haseeb is the epitome of masculinity. big biceps, sculpted triceps, enormous pecs, great ass. 10/10 on all fronts, especially the religious one.

Nikkie Ubinas, you are so perfect. Keep slayin'.

Ryan Miller, I can make your bed rock

Tynan Couture Rashid, every time I see you, my uterus explodes and my face does the heart eye emoji thing.

How is Indiana Jones still a sex symbol when Alex Marko has obviously taken his place?

To the girl who left your philosophy notebook in a Sayles 2nd floor classroom, you're handwriting is too beautiful for this world and I would like to ask for your hand in marriage

To Conner Wynne:

AHHHHHHHH. BAE."

Kevin Dhali,

You're a hilarious and eccentric guy with great (sometimes weird) fashion sense and a ton of ambition and talent. I really admire your passion and effort and can see why you have been and will continue to be so successful. Most importantly, you're a real friend and are willing to drop everything you're doing to help others rather than yourself. You may not know it, but your impact is far-reaching. I admire you!"

wow malwina u hand out those rpl sheets like a pro. but srsly ur awesome keep doing u

Nate, in my Faulkner section: you're incredibly well spoken and quite handsome, too

to the blonde girl with the white Brown shirt, black leggings, and nikes close to the VDub entrance at around noon with a friend on thursday... wow, you are--uh--certainly attractive. have a beautiful day.

To the guy with the longish hair and a European (I think) accent who works at the Blue Room: you are so very attractive

To President Paxson: It's a really difficult time to be a college president. I believe you are trying your best and actually making a difference. Thank you.

Katie Rowe <3 You're such a sweetheart and I am so blessed to know you. I hope you realize how appreciated you are!!! I love you so much!

To Elizabeth Farrier

I love you so much"

To Courtney Kobren

I love you so much"

To Luke O'Connell

I love you so much"

Brendan George, you are hella hot.  Sing me a lullaby with that sweet voice ;)

Grad Center C floor 2 with the sticky note messages on the window: I like your messages. :)

Harkaran Uppal:

The undulating curves of your muscles transmit waves into my genital areas, causing a flood."

I secretly am in love with Will Portilla but sshhh. He doesn't know.

felicia davidson, you are a an amazing human being. you care so deeply about your friends and you're always doing nice things for people without asking for anything in return. please know that you've touched so many lives here already with your unconditional kindness. ily felicia ❤️❤️❤️

jasmine bala, eye candy of the scili

Steven Brownstone:
You're an amazing human being."

To the girl who made the awful music in the Leung gallery stop for a minute tonight: you're a hero.

Joe Engelman -

How can I peel that pineapple shirt off of you? Cuffing season?"

To the unknown girl that passed us on our way to a Machado party earlier this semester and told us out of the blue that we have "really nice bone structure": we are still talking about it weeks later. It was the smallest, most specific compliment but really made our days. Thanks for making us feel good about ourselves :)

Olivia Kelly--
You make life worth """"Liv""""in'! I'm so blessed to havhave a friend like you!"

Juan Patrick Soto - ;) ;)
-in one of your classes"

Victor Bramble,

You're an amazing person <3"

Aida Feng is too adorable

Josiah Jordan. Can you sing all the time? Can you just sing all the time please? You have a beautiful voice. Like, how does someone have such a beautiful voice!? HOW.

Quinn Bornstein-- you are one of the kindest, most genuine girls I've met here. I'm a little intimidated by your sense of independence and confidence, but also super attracted to it. Keep rockin' it.

Britt Edelen--
You are an aboslute joy to have as a friend and you never fail to make me laugh. Deborah gives me life everytime she talks <3"

To Alyssa Rodriguez,

I would so eat your ass"

To Patrick Zhang,

I would suck your dick."

Allie Greenberg,

You're a treat on the eyes every time I see you"

She didn't just cheat on me. That was only the beginning. She murdered my reputation, and landed me in prison. As the fish, hunted, flopping on the deck. I cannot wait to gasp goodbye.

Ezra Dulit-Greenberg: ;)

Shout out to everyone surviving painful Thanksgivings with their families, without families, or with friends' families. No matter how people make you feel, remember that you're beautiful.

Also, important reminder that abuse isn't only physical. To anyone else who's being emotionally abused, remember that you're loved."

Christine Baltazar:

I don't want to be just friends"

girl in my fys english class - kayla johnson (idk if that's spelled right). your lack of fear in speaking your mind and your sense of justice puts me in awe. your intelligence and ability to articulate your thoughts meaningfully is incredible to me. plus, youre bad as hell. im gonna try to man up and ask you to lunch when we get back from break, so please me nice to me
https://tothebrownstudent.wordpress.com/2015/11/27/who-is-not-at-home-for-thanksgiving/ for the holidays	...who is not at home for Thanksgiving

Things I am thankful for:

Joey Thompson
that's it"

To Q,

Sexiest girl I've ever grinded with. can i get a full first name? I am so thankful for you"

Dan Haugh,

I always see you walking around. I think you look cute in a helmet. Also you're really smart."

To the guy who broke up with me by text during the summer after my Freshmen year, to the one who didn't respond to my text for a month before my Sophomore Year started, to the boy who made me feel like I was inadequate and not good enough for your time nor for your definition of love, I just wanted to say thank you.

Thank you for setting me free. Thank you for making me realize that I wasn't working to my potential, that I was lacking in so many areas because I was so wrapped up with you. Thank you for making me realize I was immature with love, reminding me that there are so many things beyond finding someone to love that are way more fulfilling in life. Looking back after two years, I've done so many things I never imagined I would do when I first entered Brown, and after losing your love, I gained so many more real and authentic loves through my new and solid friendships, and I've discovered so much about myself and my strength as an individual. It definitely put what's important in my life into perspective.

Although there was so much pain associated with our break up that I know you will never ever understand, I am grateful for the memories from Freshmen year. I still see you across the room on occasion, and yes I do see that you have happily moved on to another girl. But no longer do I feel a pang in my chest for something close to my heart that I lost. I feel the warmth of the gains of finding myself, loving my friends, and cherishing who I am and what I do.

So for those who are lonely and searching for the warm encirclement of someone's arms, trust that one day you will find someone who will do that as well as someone who will allow you to embrace them as well. The loneliness might be real, and although the phrase """"loving yourself"""" seems extremely mainstream and cliche, it's very true. You are enough. Don't forget that."

Anne Prusky,

I think you're a really special gal."

Tiffany Chen - I'm always so amazed by how you have the time to do all the things that you do. You have the warmest personality, you're super intelligent AND you're gorgeous, so don't let anyone ever tell you otherwise!

Oh my goodness, Madison Shiver, you are so attractive in every way.

Maria Giacosie: I had a dream about you last night where I was actually brave enough to ask you out. Until then, I'll just keep admiring you.

Baeja Grande you are hot as fuck and I would totally bang the shit out of you were I single. I hope your day is as fine as your butt ;)

Gabby Anselmi
The couple of times we have talked have been an absolute delight; you're charming, clever, and charismatic.
Also, you're pretty much the personification of beauty itself."

Anna Caltabiano I pass you every Monday and even wait a few minutes just so I can see you come out of class. I'm sorry this sounds a bit creepy. I'm also sorry I don't know much about your personality. I'm too nervous to talk to you, but I love seeing you smile. You're effortless and beautiful.

We exchanged youthfully indulgent eye contact in line at the Blue Room last week. After that, I never thought I would see you again, but just today I saw you sitting by yourself at the ratty and our eyes met once again. I do not know your name, but I think you are a very handsome lad. I hope you have a wonderful Thanksgiving break.

To the cute red-headed guy at Andrews Study Lounge last night who I thought lost his phone but really didn't and I ended up making a fool of myself in front of- you're really cute :)

Luna Floyd is an adorable human being!!

Tom Burnett is love. Tom Burnett is life.

To Harmonizing Grace and Shades at Brown,

You were all SO AMAZING last night! Thank you for sharing your incredible singing talents with all of us - you are each such a blessing from God! Thank you for a magnificent night of worship and love <3"

Sam from StorySlam:

You're cute af. Please tell me you're straight. ;)"

To the Blue Room cashier with reddish brown hair who was working on Friday (11/20) around 1pm. Sorry to just compliment you solely on your appearance, but since I don't know you all I can say is that you're absolutely gorgeous. I'm sure you're a great guy too with an awesome personality.
-From a fellow redhead."

Dear Peter Frisch -
I want to sincerely apologize for me and my friends asking to blow your trombone multiple times this past weekend. You are a great trombonist.
Keep up the good work!"

I just think Charlie Saylor is the best.

Dear Chrysanthemum Tran,
You are the most inspirational person that I've ever met. I first met you at ADOCH this spring, where I talked to you in passing, though I doubt you'd remember that meeting.
When I came to Brown in the fall, I wasn't surprised at all to see you leading the TWTP seminars, and you fucking rocked it. Without you, I don't know that my Brown experience would be nearly the same.
Still, I've never been able to muster the courage to speak with you-- I look so disgustingly cis and straight that everyone has taken my identity for granted before I even speak. Since TWTP, I've seen you around campus and at various events, but never exchange more than a passing greeting, if we speak at all. I've been there at the Trans Week poetry event that was hosted by you, and could only marvel at the amazing art that you had created.
Tonight, I would almost describe listening to your poems as a religious experience, except that religion has never been too kind to those who identify as queer.
Each day, I wake up entirely disgusted with every physical aspect of myself, but I've almost managed to convince me that it's just a phase. I'm so far closeted that not one person has even suspected that I'm queer, for better or worse, and I barely even know who I truly am at this point. Chrysanthemum, you are one of the only things that keeps me going, that gives me hope that one day I can be truer to who I am without the fear that I will be shunned by everyone who knows me.
Thank you so much simply for existing-- for resisting--because you are amazing and special and strong and so very, very beautiful."

@janine goetzen I love you so much we are married and I wanna be with you forever we are destined to be libra + Gemini for life never let the discourse end I love you love you love you –britt

Taylor Pearce-- you are so kind. I saw you give a to go box of food to a homeless man on Thayer and was in awe of you. Thanks for your act of kindness.

Pu Ning Chiang has such a radiant smile and personality!

I often feel like straight men are irredeemable but then I remember Ben Williams.

To the person who lives somewhere in Grad D, has amazing lights, and blasts bomb song choices:

a lyric to ya ~

wish I may wish I might, find out who you are tonight!"

Cherise Morris: I just want to say thank you. Your talk at the first readings followup panel about mass incarceration, policing and race on September 14 was probably the best event I've been to on campus so far. As a freshman at Brown, you were my introduction to the way that people talk about the world here, and to ideas I'd never heard of before. Now, reading a transcript of your talk for class, I am reminded of how you opened my eyes and showed me the importance of examination and criticism of things we take for granted, and of valuing personal experience and narrative rather than scholarly knowledge. So thank you so much. You are an inspiration. I have not forgotten the impact you made on my life. Keep being a smart, charismatic, outspoken, beautiful person.

Viet Nguyen and Emily Doglio, you're honestly such a cute couple. Seeing you guys laughing and smiling together literally melts my heart. #relationshipgoals

Godwin Tsado,
I might just be realizing I have a crush on you, senior scramble?"

Nicole King you are the most INFECTIOUS laugh. Laugh me to sleep!!!

Gulmira Hamit is ridiculously sexy

i often see Abid, the orgo TA, at the gym. it's really just not fair - he's so smart and eloquent but also he's so sculpted. man, wish i could be like him

advik guha you #1 bae

Kate Maher - you look adorable <3

victor brechenmacher you're very cute and i see you sometimes in the library or at leung and i love those moments

Austin Peete,

I want to take a whiff of that alluring hair of yours

hmu"

Min Jeong Kang,
I LOVE YOU. LITERALLY FUCK ME."

frosh w/ curly hair, think your name is Colin, you single?

Dayummmm Max Lowndres you are so foine.

Samantha Reback is an inspiration to all at this campus

Palak Goel:

Saw you yesterday night at the Blue Room, you were looking fly (read: cool and desireable). Couldn't tell if the eye contact was meant to be flirty or just friendly. We should go stargazing on the green sometime..."

Max Lowndes: You are such a kind person and only hope your are into guys so I can be that perfect guy!!

To the boy in a grey sweater and lightwashed jeans with the grey backpack in the blue room today--your bone structure is beautiful. I wish i knew your name.
--girl sitting at the booth next to you"

Souvijja Pou, I'd rather call you boo.
Ever since our first College Hills days
I'd knew I could never woo you
But this fire cannot be snuffed it will defiantly blaze

It's too late, you've left me swoon
You've pledged to do no harm
But you've shattered my cocoon
This socially inacceptable adoration leaves me in alarm

Am I unwilling or is this ocean too vast
My arms aren't' as brawny as yours
 Does this mean I'm seeing my chance pass
Will I let perceptions leave me on these shores"

Maria Giacosie: Got damn...Where did you come from?

Jaclyn Licht is honestly one of the prettiest girls on campus. I can't help but stare. I'm sorry.

To Gail at the Ratty - you are the friendlist and most genuine person I have ever met.  Your glowing personality radiates like the sun.  The few seconds it takes for you to swipe my card are the best moments of my day.  You are an amazing person

To all the BUDS staff, the Brown staff, the janitors and dorm attendants: You are all great, and you're going to make me feel so much less alone this Thanksgiving.

I met a boy named Sebastian not too long ago. He was on his longboard outside of Andrews. He was super cute and sweet. So yeah, I admire you

Maggie Shea: you're just the most idyllic girl and I can't get enough of you. Please notice me!

Eddy Armando Ones - I'd learn how to dance the woman's salsa moves just so you would hold me in your arms.

Jovan Nelson,

You're a campus treasure and a sweetheart. You're like sunshine in the middle of a thunderstorm."

Max Lowndes: you're way too attractive for this campus. Are you into guys? ;)

I have such a crush on you, Bruce Nguyen. You're so buff :)

Mark Solter
MARK my neck
(i need a hickey from u)"

Alex Volpicello has gotten a ton of love lately but he requires more i love alex v v v v v v much

Sarah Moody is soooooooo sexy. Oh wait, is that Anne Moody? Whatever, both are angels

Lloyd/Juliette, econ TAs-

literally sitting in your review session right now and you guys have the combined highest hotness of all the econ TA pairings.

love,

your bisexual econ11 student"

To my best friend:

You are the real miracle of my life. I hate seeing you go through problems with guys because I never want anyone to hurt you like they do. I wish I could be the one to make you happy. I wish I could tell you that I never stop thinking about you and that you're always the last person I want to talk to before falling asleep. I wish I could tell you that I've been head over heels in love with you but I can't because that would ruin everything."

Evan Pandya is incredibly cute and seems really laid back. wish he'd talk to me after class sometime :(

Shoutout to the hot guy working the taco station tonight in the Ivy room don't know who you are but I definitely enjoyed being able to look at you as I worked tonight

Gaurav Manek-

never talked to you, but you seem to be fucking amazing at programming. role model of mine. also like your accent."

Anish Aitharaju - I'm in one of your classes and I think we may have exchanged flirtatious glances a few times. I think you're really cute and it makes me nervous to talk to guys so can you please just come up and talk to me?

Taylor Hough
enough is enough
i want to do it rough
it's time to cuff"

Joey Tran
You've Tran-sformed my life
ily"
387- even two years later I think Peter McGrath is the greatest teacher of all time

Nick Byman: i enjoy your presence and wish you were around campus more

Emily Smith you're gorgeous
I want to punch you WITH MY LIPS on your lips"

Josh Tartell, you really caught my eye at Friday's banquet. Congrats on your new position! I wish I had spoken to you when I had the chance.

Gina Chieffallo, you are the most beautiful human being there ever was. you're sexy as hell and you seem so kind and friendly. take me out to the ball game.

Jad Nasrallah: I met you recently, and though I don't see you often around I really can't take you off my mind. Let's hang out for longer the next time we run into each other?

Cathy Bai - It takes a while to get to know you, but heck, seeing you being witty, quirky and downright hilarious is so worth it. You're also rather gorgeous... single?

To all of the Jo's supervisors,
You are the BEST!!!!!! Every time I come in to work, I am so happy and excited. Thank you for making the Jo's team such a family <3"
"https://tothebrownstudent.wordpress.com/2015/11/15/is-hurting/

A lot has happened recently. We offer our smallest remarks."	...is hurting

to the boy who kissed me rather spontaneously on Friday night:

who are you? it's not polite to kiss strangers. that being said, I enjoyed it. call me."

I think that Claire Kim is really cute and really sweet. I'd love to get to know her more :)

To the guy in the Scili clusters who found my gloves- you saved my fingers from certain icy death. Thanks so much, you're amazing!

colby parsons: we have class together and i think you're very cute and would love to talk to you or get lunch sometime

To the girl who was handing out candy in the scili Friday night for national kindness day, thank you so much for brightening my evening. You are so sweet!

Seriously Sam Lanier has the most gorgeous body. I want to touch it, the same way I want to touch a statue in a museum--those lines, those curves, that cold stone imitating flesh! He is seriously made of marble!

Poop girl from emwool, you are my hero

to the wonderful girl who brought me tea today (friday the 13th) when I was sitting outside the SEAS building bawling my eyes out ~~ thank you so much, your act of kindness meant so much and I hope someone pays it forward and is as lovely and kind to you as you were to me <3 have a great weekend

Ellie Gravite: You are my inspiration and one of the reasons I continue to remain passionate about theatre. You're kind, nurturing and extra-ordinary gifted as a director/actor/performer. I am so glad I met you and have the privilege to continue to experience your art.

tomoya mori : are you single, and ready to mingle?

To admire someone means to view them with respect, with awe.
To everyone who spoke today (Nov. 12) at the Black-Out and the Teach-In - you are all amazing individuals. I truly admire your courage and your strength. Thank you for speaking out. This is OUR school.

WE BELONG HERE.

And to the true allies that stood with us and cheered. We saw you. Thank you for standing with us."

Eli White- I long to stare into your sexy, smothering eyes while running my fingers through that luscious hair.

Trent Green,

More like Trent Blue. Because you BLUE me away the first time I saw you. Nestle with me Trent, its meant to be."

If all of Brown performance comedy were Destiny's Child, Chelsea Fernando would be Beyoncé.

We've gone on two dates and I really like you but I can't seem to tell if you're interested or not and I feel like I'm being annoying every time I text you. I think it might be easier for me if you communicated your expectations :/

Avetis,

Your Facebook posts always entertain me or make me laugh. Be my friend!"

I seem to have had many fantasies about Fletcher Martin Bell recently

Anica Green is hot as hell, ooh whatcha sayy

Ruth Foster has the best twitter at Brown.

Adam Vieira - There are few people on this campus with a demeanor as genuine or smiley as yours. It doesn't hurt that you're really nice to look at, too. Coffee??

Special shoutout to all the people of color on campus struggling with racism happening all over the country. You. Are. Loved.

people talk about how good the orgo TAs are, but the tutors don't get enough love. shout out to Rohith Nagari for being a killer group tutor!

Alec Zisson -

I tried to post to you before but apparently I wasn't clever or funny enough to make the cut. Anyways, my original message offered for you to come and netflix and chill at my place... I'm assuming you have since replaced your our laptop, but the offer still stands. ;)"

Alex Cogut:
You're in my classics class and you have a cute ass voice and I'm a freshman so there's no way in hell I'd ever say anything but thank u"

To the fine lady who works the veggie burger station at Ivy Room: you're smile is a beacon of hope in the darkness of midterms

*****URGENT: TIME SENSITIVE*******
Dear Lauren Oxendine,

Lo, you're an incredible and majestic queen that we all look up to. You're strong and powerful in every sense of each word, a decision maker with the rare capacity to think on her feet. A leader we can aspire to emulate, both on and off the pitch. You're first to almost every break down; quick, protective and determined. Though your pointed words can at times be sharp, we can always count on you to be honest with us. And with every leap you make, you pull the rest of us forward, spurring us to grow as we attempt to keep up.
Thank you Lo, for being such a wonderful teammate and beautiful human being.

We love you!
-The Wise"

To the BUSUN team:
You guys just made my semester. The dynamics of the group is incredible and it was an absolute honour working with you lovely people."

To all the BUDS workers:

Too many of our classmates are rude to you guys. You guys give it your best shot and you do a damn good job. Thanks for being the best."

Juliette Garay is not my econ TA, but i've been to one of her review sections and she looks like helen of troy. I'm in love

Jun Hong: i've seen you walking around usually with a reversed hat. i want to lick your body and taste every single cell because i think you're really fucking sexy

To all the activists on campus,

Thank you for putting yourselves out there to call attention to injustices that for many of us would otherwise be easy to ignore. I've learned so much from you in my years at Brown, and I hope that one day I'll have the bravery to stand with you more publicly.

-- A grateful classmate"

Chad Simon--
You are the jewel of the Brown Daily Herald. I look forward to every single one of your columns. Your sense of humor and flawless prose are the vessel for some actually credible ideas that necessarily shake up the status quo on this campus. I would draw your nude body any day of the week, for more than $15/hour."

To Shira Bartov: You're really one of the greatest people. You care so much for others and I honestly feel like talking to you makes me a smarter, better person. Not to mention that no one looks irresistible at 3am in the scili like you do ;)

Talia Brenner and Will Conard melted my heart in Urinetown

Jamie Meader--Your pencil sharpening in Urinetown was on point. Honestly one of the most memorable aspects of the show.

To the lovely lady with the reddish hair from whom my group sheepishly stole the piano room in Faunce on Saturday night: I hope you liked our compensatory serenade. I'd love to give a follow-up performance some time.

to an Ashley who guest swiped me at Jo's last night:
thanks so much!! off meal plan / dont know anyone at brown struggle..
you're an angel! have a great week"

Greg Lowry you are amazing at orgo and an inspiration to all of us freshmen. Thanks for being the greatest RPL in history

To the girl working at Chipotle on Sunday evening with the tattoo that said """"Simply have courage and be kind.""""

Your tattoo's words are a perfect summation of how life should be lived - easily and with a light heart. Also, you're one of the most beautiful girls I've ever seen. I love your earrings, your eyes, your hands. I'd love to get to know you more but i don't know how."

Vince Lau,
I have the biggest crush on you! searching for bae by any chance?"

Ding laoshi:

It's been two years since I've seen you but I still dream about you sometimes. Ugh. I really wanted to make half Chinese children with you"

Collin Cademartori is incredibly attractive. i have fantasies about him taking off my clothes with his teeth

Frances Chen is such a sweet friend! I want you to know that you're my rock. Always

Marion Wellington: I know I'm not the only one who swooned and fell for you after seeing you sing at ANOCH. Oh my god you're the girl of my dreams please please please call me and we can get tea or coffee

To Bri Chung of the class of 2019. We live near each other and I just have to say that you are an exquisite specimen of a human being. Your eyes shine like diamonds. Rihanna would be proud. I just can't muster enough courage to say how I really feel

Ian Riordan is such a helpful CS33 ta :) his explanations are so clear-cut and well-formed. thanks for all the help, man!

To Mr. Rubinek:

Your cheeky, ever-rosy complexion and lovely wicked eyes
Draw me in.
I wish, with the half of my heart I'd exchange for half of yours, that your striking visage would brand itself to my lids,
So that every time I closed my eyes, the image I see would be real and not imagined.

Stay playful, my dear."

Sasha Podolsky- your eyes are your best feature

Jack Haglin - you are above average looking

Aidan from Impulse,
I'm trynna hop on that...if I may."

author of post 314...thank you.

Wang laoshi:

My favorite teacher at Brown so far! :)"

Lena Champlin: Your smiles truly beautify this campus. I think the trees only grow in the springtime because your positive energy waters them.

Dear tall guy with a cup and blue-grey long sleeve shirt at the 90s Prom,
You bumped into me and said sorry, but I just stood there and stared. As I Ieft the dance, I turned around to see you slip on the floor, but you got up gracefully and dusted off your muscular back. What is your name, beautiful? I left before getting your number. If anything, I just want to meet up and say """"It's OK!"""""

Michael Markell - You have a beautiful smile, and an infectious jolliness to with it. Are you into guys?

Ryan Walsh - You have incredible hair and the cutest smile, but above all, you have stunning eyes. You seem incredibly sweet, too. I wish I kew you better.

Eli Block - I hope the fact I don't see you around anymore means you're designing a waiting room for all your admirers. Or saving the world. You just do you.

To Ria Vaidya:

I don't quite know how to write this, but I'll try to do so. We've known each other since we were freshmen, and from the first time I met you, I thought you were a really special person--and you are. You are beautiful, inside and out. You're kind, you're talented, you're exceptionally smart, and most of all, you are warm. There is probably no better word to describe you than """"warm,"""" at least in my experience. We've never been close, but I've spent enough time with you to know that you're the kind of person I will miss a lot once we graduate and move on with our lives. That's a bit scary, isn't it? There's something wonderfully true and honest and strong and MAGNETIC about the way that you are as a person, and it sucks that, in the end, we will part ways. I guess I get nostalgic about a lot of things, and that's sometimes  and weird, but I don't think this is so weird. I think it's normal and okay that I have enormous admiration for special people like yourself, and that I am sad about the prospect of losing their company.

I think I'm rambling a bit now, so I'll just sum up by saying that I think you're a really awesome person and that I'm really fortunate to be able to call you my friend. I will probably actively try to spend more time with you. We'll have a good time, I hope, and I think that itself is a splendid thing."

To my admirer,

I really wish I knew who you were."

Olympic snowboarder ty walker: just watched your documentary. I wanna eat egg in hole with you and fudgie

to the naked keeney troll that lives with Olympic snowboarder ty walker: I think ur a southern belle and cute as hell

alex volpicello i think i'm in love with you.

Kevin O'Farrell,
During the existence of the first Brown Admirers, you received a message naming you the light of my life. Things have been rough recently, but dark moments remind us how fortunate we are to have lights, and I'd like to take a moment to acknowledge one of mine.

You're one of my best friends, and you've never faltered. The dancing, the easy conversation, the secrets, the laughter, the tears, the lemon poppyseed muffins, and everything else. These are memories that will warm me for the rest of my life, and until the heat death of the universe, it's people like you who keep give me hope that things will be alright.

As we sprint through senior year, I want you to know how appreciated you are and how fortunate everyone is to have been touched by your presence. You are brilliant and kind and caring, and even if we don't end up in the same city, I desperately hope our paths cross again.

I love you so, so much. Thank you for everything."

The word bae does not make sense unless placed in the context of Alissa Rhee

Josh Jackson:

Your pride, courage, and ambition are inspirations to us all. You are amazing."

I wish I knew Ayleen Sanchez better than I do. She's so pretty it catches me off guard every time I see her.

Celia Ford, you absolutely ROCK the short hair.  Hot damn.

To the cute girl always manning the counter at the Blue Room on Wednesdays, around 5ish: I go by every week just to enjoy your infectious laugh and smile.  You positively light the room up.  <3

Willy Lee, I think you're splendid.

Sam Heft-Luthy,

We made a lot of eye contact in one of our classes at the beginning of the semester... do you remember? Probably not lol. But I do, and I think you're cute.. so if you think I'm cute/remember who I am you should comment with the class so I can verify and potentially message you!

But like if you don't remember or think I'm cute that's totally cool.

Also just wanted to compliment your brain (you seem pretty damn insightful) and your comedy (I actually haven't seen you perform but you're in a lot of groups so you must have a good sense of humor??)"

A couple weeks ago I fell on my head and even though it was a pretty awful experience it showed me just how amazing Brown EMS is!!! Thanks so much (Tim and Kate?) for everything you do. I appreciate you so much!!

Isaac Davis — You are a beautiful human being and you sing monster mash like a god.

I would give a million dollars for Soham Rege's pecs

Allie Schaefer, you are *beyond* attractive

Priya Patel: Ayyyyy <3

Emily Wu,

I think you have may have wooed me. <3

A Secret Admirer"

I had a rough first year at Brown, as so many of us do, and I found myself suffering with depression, suicidal thoughts, and an eating disorder, all of which had tried to kill me many times before.

I needed an outlet so I wrote out my troubles in a short sentence on a desk in the Rock. I wrote, """"I'm suicidal and anorexic"""" on a desk in the basement. Now I'm a senior and every so often I find myself back at that corner desk...and every time there is a growing list of supportive, loving responses from anonymous voices on campus.

To anyone who added to that desk, thank you. My gratitude is greater than you'll ever know."

Dear Beautiful Brunonia,

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PaKr9gWqwl4

Love,

a b r o a d"	Paloma Faith - Only Love Can Hurt Like This (Official Video)

Dear Roja,

Roses are red
Violets are blue
You're really cute
And I'd like to do you"

To the guy who sang the lead of "seven nation army" at arch sings tonight 11/4 you're crazy stylish and talented. Serenade me?

To Kelly the Pathology to Power TA: I think you're super cute and your laugh while explaining alternative sex toys in class this week was even cuter. Are you single?

Qoshea,  you are a CS goddess. Single?

To the sober Asian guy who found me, drunk and crying, on the Main green last Halloween night:

Thank you so much for bringing me home. I don't remember that much but I remember that you had just come from studying in some building, probably using your Brown education better than the rest of us alcoholics. I needed you, and you helped me even though I was probably so unworthy of it. It's sad, but I kind of hate myself, and having such a nice guy accompany me home and NOT want sex afterwards was uplifting beyond words.

To be honest, I haven't been able to stop thinking about you. I'd love to go out sometime, and if not then I would really just love to meet up and talk to you and be friends. I think your name was Alec/Alex? If it was you, please comment here and I'll message you"

Frederick Mandela is a real boss mothafucka

Chloe Kliman-Silver, you're pretty cool and amazing

An Truong, you are on my list of things to do tonight

To the girl at the ivy room who gave me extra mozzarella- thanks! you made my day

Dear Kevin Sukhyun Jung,

I hardly know you but I'm hopelessly infatuated, you just had that effect. I admire how dedicated and focused you are, so focused you might not even notice the people around you, sigh, I wouldn't even know how to get to you"

Abid Haseeb: I realize that I may not say this enough, or ever really, but I am so immensely glad that you and I became best friends back in freshman year. Back then, we didn't even know what Brown University was, and I think it's not even the strangest of coincidences that we ended up going to college here together. You've been with me through nearly every important life event that I've had. You have been there with me even when I failed miserably as a friend. I'm sure people get annoyed with all the things we do, but I don't really care. The fact is that I haven't ever had to leave home since I came to college because you've been here too. Thanks for being there for me when I've needed you and also when I've not wanted to need you

Sachin Pendse:

You are extraordinary beyond measure. People often talk about infectious smiles, but you have an infectious personality. I just want to be like you. I'm really glad to be able to call you my friend and I hope we become better friends through time."

Liam Trotzuk:

You were in one of my classes and you're some pretty swell eye candy. i never experienced homosexual longings until i saw you"

Sud Perera,

You're so fricken cute and easily one of the funniest people I know"

Lukas Winklerprins - You're a v special dude and I'm v attracted to ya. Glad you're sticking around for a bit longer.

The two safe walkers on Thursday nights who work at 1am are fantastic! They have such witty banter!!
"https://tothebrownstudent.wordpress.com/2015/11/04/who-is-feeling-something-that-might-be-depression/

This one's rather personal. Hope this beacon shines on someone."	...who is feeling something that might be depression

Jessica Tennis can have my ten-inch anytime, if you know what I mean

Noah Cowan is a sexy young muffin I'd love to blow him

Fatima Husain:

By supplying completion with a complete simplification ordering, these critical pairs can always be oriented.

Your critical pairs supply my completion."

Person who made sandwiches in the blue room on halloween with the pointy nose and is in modern architecture - I'm just tryna find out who you are.

Omri, I've been crushing on you since we met in class last fall but don't see you enough to get to know you. I'm hoping I have the chance to get to know you (and your voice) more.

Lauren Ho,

Her eyes, her eyes make the stars look like they're not shinin'
Her hair, her hair falls perfectly without her tryin'
She's so beautiful
And I want to tell her everyday..."

Whoever that tall guy was that was kenney chesney for halloween that I saw on the 2nd floor of barbour, Have my children please and thank you...

To cute guy who wears glasses and a black beanie and has pins on his backpack--missed you in class today

Kat Samp, I've been crushin on youuu

jake gogats is cute af

i'm falling hard and fast for an orgo TA.

Jon Ang:

The possibilities of romantic experimentation discussed in the last section mark a convergence between the terms of the dominant discourse and changing practice.

Be my dominant discourse and the convergence of my romantic experimentation."

to the boy in modern architecture who has shaggy hair and wears cozy sweaters, you are the cutest and i would be so down to marry you.

To the guy who gave the workers at Jo's Hershey's kisses on Halloween--you rock! You really made my night and everyone felt really appreciated!

I always go to CS15 TA hours on Sunday nights because I'm guaranteed help from a cutie.

to #3 on the men's water polo team - i can't even write all the things i want to do to you

to the guy on campus who wears the Royals jersey: last year after the world series i, a huge giants fan, saw you in andrews sad about the Royals loss. don't know your name or who you are but just wanted to say congrats on the win this year :-)

Shout out to whoever was playing "Banana Pancakes" on their guitar Sunday night in Grad B. I live either above or below you, and your serenading seriously boosted my mood while I was struggling through a Math 18 Problem set.

Renee aponte you are so cool and amazing I love you

I really really like you but I have no idea how to further our conversations cause we only run into each other some times in Grad Center.

To the petite asian girl with pale skin and dark brown hair, always on the third floor of the scili.
You're the only reason I keep going back up there to """"study"""" ,
I want to talk to you but you always seem so busy
I just wanted to let you know that you're beautiful."

Taylor Viggiano:

You are such a wonderful and beautiful person.

PS I love your bangs"

Redi Abegaz:

You're kind of a superstar, just sayin'."

To the really really tall guy who fingered me in the booth at the Ultra:

HOLY SHIT THAT WAS HOT....and I cannot remember your name. :(

I don't think I can wait for next Halloween. Can anyone tell me who that tall guy was so I can return the favor?"

Emily Doglio -- I'm really glad I met you.

Marco Lorenzo Luy:

I had a wet dream about you last night. Man oh man. Man oh man."

Emma Herold: You're the human embodiment of a ray of sunshine. And sunshine is definitely something the CIT needs more of!

To the girl I met in Barbour dressed like one of the dancers in Justin Bieber's sorry video. I know it took me a while to understand your costume but there is one thing I was sure of immediately: you are quite possibly the most attractive human being on this planet. It might have been drunk but in that moment I was 80% sure that you weren't even real and that I was just hallucinating you because my mind could not handle your beauty.

Who was the guy at Zete last night with the rainbow filter on his face, and how do we get his number?

Dhatri Abeyaratne: you slayed so hard at JavaSpook, holy SHIT. YAS. Yaaaaasssssss.

Hemang Kaul

You got it goin on (;

-Your secret admirer"

To the guy I was dancing with at ultra tonight--I'm sad I had to leave so soon! Hmu sometime cutie ;) (I was wearing red)

Sean Okeefeeeee. Hi.

Henry Belcaster has the most beautiful eyes

To the guy in the blue shirt and gray vest giving people at the Scili candy on Halloween night, you are sweet. Thank you! Your small, yet huge act of kindness made my entire night. :-)

To IMPROVidence: your show on 10/30 was hilarious! You all rock, and I respect the courage it takes to do what you do. Thanks for making my night!

Today I saw the sweetest thing. There was a very tall, very buff athlete-looking guy walking around the main green when a little kid from the community ran up to him in a witch costume and said boo. instead of brushing the girl off, the guy acted very scared and fell to the ground, making the girl giggle profusely. to that guy: you're awesome, and if i wasn't a dude i'd let you inseminate my uterus.

To the CS15 Humor TAs: You guys are funny as fuck and I wish i knew your names so i could write about you in my diary

Heba Haleem:

A lovely girl, with eyes like sun. they radiate so plentifully and I love them. I am interested in marrying Heba Haleem, will ask her soon enough."

guy with a knife in his head at improvidence, ily

to the asian beauty who had curled hair and a wonder woman costume on in jo's friday night: you. are. so. freaking. hot. got someone?

Daniel the prince lab monitor:
Damn."

thomas chisholm i see you around every now and then and those are the best moments of my day,.!

Sachit and Sachin, SASA e-board boys: I want group sex with ya'll, and when I scream out one of your names I don't want the last syllable to be intelligible. Yes yes yes.

Ferdi in math 90 today (oct 30)
DAMN when you walked in with in your EMS uniform messy hair look....  always had a bit of a crush on you but whole new level ;)"

To myself- you don't need a sense of validation from someone else. I love you and you are beautiful. Keep working hard, being a kind person and doing what you love. You're amazing.
Love me."

Shout out to the Brown student who found my license and credit card on the street and called DPS! You made a really bad situation much less stressful! You reminded me that I really do go to one of the nicest schools ever :)

Helen Denisenko you are so cute plz date me thx

To the young guy working in the mailroom on 10/30, WHO ARE YOU??? You were so cute and so nice despite the Halloween rush!!!

I JUST WANT TO BANG ISAAC LIMA

Christopher John Southwick Monshauer,
I want you to dapper my Dan, Willy my Wonka. Covered in chocolate. It's the only way I know how."

Dear new mailroom guy with glasses,
I wish I knew your name
So I at least knew what to call you every time I talk about how attractive you are"

To the really tall light brown haired guy on the Quidditch team: I'd like you to put your broomstick in my snitch, if you catch my drift. ;)

Meryl Charleston
I can't seem to explain this strange sensation every time I see your smile. I get so excited whenever I see you, then you smile and my heart skips a bit. What can I do get you to have coffee with me :)"

Mohamed Mohamed:

Why won't you love me?"

Lucas Smolcic-Larson: Your smile is so geeky & infectious, I think I'm crushing on you...

Barry Thrasher:

You are
e   c    s    t     a    s     y"

Sukrit Jain:

Your pecs are enormous.
Please love me back.
I would love you on top-of-us.
And you have a great sack."

To the guy in the ratty who eavesdropped about Halloween and platonic forms...you're hot!

Aranshi Kumar I saw you the other day stop to console a girl you didn't know who was crying. You're such a beautiful girl with a caring heart.

Roja Garimella - I see you in the SciLi quiet floor a good amount and just wanted to say thanks for keeping me motivated to go to the library. You saved my grades. Seriously, wow. You've got it goin' on.

to bill:

you're cute, where are you?"

Nick Batchelder has some sick locks of hair. I wanna get lost in them and then have mad intercourse with him. sound good?

sazzy gourley: thanks for making me feel welcome at brown and for being so nice as u always are!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! (((((plus ur not so bad to look at :) ))))))

Joe Engelman -- You have the hottest smile. I'm too shy to approach you but I'd love to get to know you better. Could I be your engelwoman?

@Joshua Kirschenbaum, your saxophone talent and beautiful curls turn me THE FUCK on. Keep on blowing on that reed and maybe I'll blow on something for you.

Naveen Balakrishnan.

Luv u. Come to the gym with me more often. <3"

To the Sci Li 4th floor regulars: You are all beautiful people. Don't let the studying get you down. You got this, you know you do.

to all the undergrad TAs: thank you for what you do!!!!!

To all of my friends who have helped me through my worst days, whether by giving me a hug, texting me, dropping everything to talk with me, etc. You are the sweetest people! I am so blessed to have you all in my life. <3 <3 Love you tons!

So I'm cashiering at Jo's a few weeks ago and this guy comes in, buys some food and continues to tell me all about how he finally got some borrowed pants returned to him. Sir, I am so glad you have your pants back. I shall also have you know that the story about your pants made my night!

Marc shrdojavich -- Halloween Ultra repeat this year?

Patty Heng -

in lab all day long
but you do not know my heart
please love me pat heng"

WHO is the BEAUTIFUL tall sax player practicing in Steinert right now?

To whoever cleans up all the shit people leave around in Andrews commons: thank you. You are wonderful and appreciated.

Hunter Quintal -- You are one of the nicest people I've met here at Brown. Thank you for being so sweet.

Ileana Wu,
You have the best attitude, always so positive. You're beautiful and I wish nothing but the best for you."

Sophie Fisher:
You're my favorite person to be with. I wish we spent more time together"

To the short, buff guy in Barbour whose face has a boner: I would love that boner in my pussy.

Max Rosenwasser.

The perfect smile."

Nate Parrott.

How are you so talented? Literally every time I see you, you've learned a new skill, designed a new emoji set, or built twelve new apps."

Alyza Benotto- dat ass

Chris Styles
You're extremely smart and gorgeous af. You have the best clothes. You are so fucking cool with that lana-esque demeanor. You are caring and sweet. You study so efficiently and it's really fucking awesome. Keep doing you!

You're my favorite."

jeff ball you are a beautiful human being

To the super sexy brunette lesbian couple I see around campus (and in the sciences library) - you two are so beautiful! And seem so happy together :) it warms my heart

The sophomores in the Brown Derbies are definitely the most attractive guys in acapella. Keep being sexy and fun y'all. <3

Damn boi, AJ Ballard's fly as hell.

Eliza Lanzillo, thank you so much for what you do for this campus. Brown doesn't deserve you, but we are so very lucky to have you. Thank you for being such a great advocate for mental health awareness on campus. You are passionate and wonderful and kind, and I admire the hell out of you.

another guy on the kyra goldstein bandwagon. girl, if you're dreaming about getting brown admirers posts, i'll give you a brown admirers post every night ;)

To the Taekwondo I-Board (Oriana, Sam, Mike, Emma, Jake, and Ian),

You are all amazing human beings. Even when I'm swamped with anything and everything, I always look forward to going to practice and witnessing your endless positivity, patience, and kindness. Thank you for all you do.

Sincerely,
A very grateful student"

Crystal Sizemore you're so sweet and adorable I want to be friends with you

Lindy Le, you have such a big heart.

i also want to fuck jason massey

i want to fuck brad pitt

Kyra Goldstein:

Just read your article on blogdailyherald about Brown Bears Admirers. Then I looked you up. Hot damn. Guess this fits under category #2 but I just wanted to let you know that you are one sexy-looking girl. I bet you're more than that though. Maybe I'll """"accidentally"""" bump into you sometime, write you a category #5, and then one day I'll write you a #1?"

saw a pic of the brown quizbowl team, and they were definitely hotter than my high school's quizbowl team. up for a five-some, boys?

Chelsea Fernando:

https://youtu.be/eu2iv-vMKT8"	The La's There she goes

They just don't make them like Chelsea Fernando anymore. Maybe they never have.

To the guy who was dancing next to me at A Night on College Hill: You are so cute. Why were you dancing alone?

Lara Zaki: are you a beaver? cuz dam

I like you Arton. Fuck.

To the BuDS worker at Andrews making the pasta early Sunday evening with the blue BuDS hat - you're pretty cute and you make good pasta. Interested in men?

Mitchell Wortsman, I got jealous when I saw you making out with that girl a couple weeks ago.  see you around ;)

To the red maple tree in front of Sayles -- you are beautiful. You deserve recognition. Stay colorful for as long as you can.

We miss you Gail! <3

Dina Blanter youre the coolest cat around

Lloyd Sy,

Thank you for being such a source of positivity in so many lives.  Your smile has the ability to turn my whole day around.  Please never change <3"

this internal flame
impossible to douse
like the thought of
your sun-kissed skin and
lioness mane
surrounding your strong jaw framed
below clear iridescent eyes--speak a spirit untamed
a fire no one can claim
I find myself in a solo war game
as I time
after time
after time
fail to utter your name
Ellie Gravitte
the unknowing grande dame
of my internal flame
I do not wish to defame
your #6962 secret admirer of May
but I admit with hope that this rhyme reclaims
my place as your top secret admirer unnamed"

Justin Brower. Your beats are fresher than Whole Foods'. Be a true farmer, and plant your next seeds in me.

Olugbenga Joseph

I wouldn't not. Scramble? Date? Netflix and chill?"

Natalie Cutler (In general but LIKE HOT DAMN IN SOTG Comfort and Despair).

Dear God. No one could take their eyes off you. You are the sexiest woman I have ever seen. Your eyes scream sex. Just watching you walk around was like being seduced. Keep doing you. Thanks."

JD nathanson! Since the moment I saw you at the blue room I've had a huge crush on you. I'm secretly hoping you know who I am but because you're so freaking cute I could never have the confidence to directly approach you

Kobi Axelrod - You're a legit core friend. Like the first person I've met to one of the best people I've met. I hope to spend the next four years with you!

JEFF BALL YOU ARE SO AWESOME AND THE CUTEST

Laura Shea

Your brains are matched only by your beauty. I wish you weren't so busy so we could hang out more. In fact, I haven't seen much of you at all this semester. I may be busy too, but I still have a crush on you."
"http://blogdailyherald.com/2015/10/23/six-types-posts-see-brown-bears-admirers/

Big shout-out to Kyra Goldstein of the Blog Daily Herald for writing about us today! Lots of love.

-One Fish, Two Fish"

Roja Garimella seems like the kind of girl I'd like to wine and dine ;)

Abid Haseeb is a nice guy who's very sweet and kind and also friendly

Eric Chaykovsky, you are so cute. Whenever I see you, I can't help but smile.

Friday 10/23, just before 2 pm

To the Asian girl walking across Waterman and Thayer in the Stanford Football sweater: I may be a fan of another Pac-12 team but wow, I nearly walked into a pole after you walked past and we shared that brief glance."

Sam Redit-
You are fire in every sense of the word. I lack the vocabulary to accurately describe your beauty, for if I did I would never cease to transpose your elegance to every canvas imaginable. Your heart, your soul, your very existence cannot be coaxed into bite size pieces, you're a hard pill to swallow but that's how you were meant to be. We may have only met recently but I feel as though I have been waiting to meet someone like you for the entirety of my life. I may not know much,
But one thing I do know is that I love you Sam, you have taught me so much about what it means to be whole, I can only hope I can one day repay you for the many debts I now owe you. je l'aime a mourir mon ange ❤️"

Kimberely Charles:

You are perfect

-Chinedu"

Ryan Walsh: I don't know you but you're beautiful and your responses to your many Admirers turn me on.

Mark from dokes gang
you are so cute and I really wish I could hang out with you more but unfortunately don't know how to :("

Marcy Huang- Your Psych sections are everything, and you're so fucking cute

Jeff Khan--seeing you always brightens my day. You are a great friend with contagious enthusiasm and I always end a conversation with you feeling better than before it started. You're such a warm person, and hilarious to boot. Not to mention with a great sense of fashion. Damn.

To all the people who have gotten a shout out yet, y'all are incredible too and do NOT forget it. ;)

Christopher Robotham: You're not an asshole, you're just trying so hard to be...

FELIX MERK

You are THE MAN

I LOVE SEEING YOU

Felix pls love me"

Shout out to all the students who have to work part time, while going to school, and doing a million other things simultaneously. You're not alone :) you got it!

to the girl with the arms at that building during that day

you're decent tbh."

Steffan Kim, I have been stalking you ever since I met you. You look so sweet. Can I touch you?

To the girl in modern architecture with the the pikachu snuggie and always-in-hand stuffed animal. You do you.

unit 8 you are the best. i love you all. long live deez nuts.

Oksana Goretaya:

You are a beast on the rugby field and a beauty always."

Sam Heft-Luthy. You are nothing short of adorable. I love the comedy you create, and your laugh is infectious.

To Kalie Boyne,
Monday night at the Ivy room I saw you for the first time and you asked me """"What would you like on your black bean burger?"""" Most people would have laughed at my answer of """"French Fries"""" but you just reassured me I would get fries and smiled and gave me options. I want to thank you for that and to say keep it up! Also, I answered fries because I didn't know how else to respond after seeing you smile and be so happy working the burger line."

Allie Doyle: You have such a beautiful soul and care about the people you love so much. I admire you and can only aim to be as quick, sweet, and strong as you are!

Ryan Walsh:

Love those purple tips in your hair. Would you like to make out sometime?"

To a beautiful girl with an accent: I love you, but you don't know. Just keep talking to me, it keeps me alive.

@MarkSolter - Paul Rudd would be lucky to have you in his bed.

Rahul Jayaraman:

You are a ray of sunshine on this cloudy campus"

Brendan Woo - You're so cute, funny & sweet. The things I'd do to get a date with you

To the boy in Starbucks today (Oct 20) around 230 in the vineyard vines blue long sleeve, hot damn. Keep doing you

To the boy I saw at the scili with the shoulder length dirty blonde hair and Brown Sailing sweatshirt: you are gorgeous. Seriously.

Dear Team Dom,
We love you!!! You guys are awesome advisees. May your first year at Brown be full of joy.
<3
Your Meiks"

Horacio Ferrándiz - Damn those hips. You're a fabulous dancer and it's been wonderful having you on the team. Thank you so much for teaching ballroom tutorials- we really appreciate the amount of time and thought you've clearly put into organizing these tutorials and putting them together for us (from the whiteboard to the average speed of muscle spindles firing...).  Thank you for making a fantastic playlist for the masquerade ball! Hopefully one day, our cha faces will be just as sexy as yours.

I've made it a goal before the end of college to get Isaku Kamada's number. ooooh i like that yeahhh

Unit Five, you're sweet, you're loved, you're the hottest shit around. Keep it up! <3

Antonia Shann I wish I could hear your voice more often

Steffan Kim, I wanna swim in your adorable dimples...

Vanshika Goenka: You are so beautiful and you dress so nice. Most pretty woman at Brown!

Brandon Dale is such a comfort to talk to. he makes me better and makes me happy.

Alainey Hellman - you're the most legit person in this whole university!

JAZZY CAT HAS THE BEST MEOWS!!

Isaac Kim, I die a little inside every time you smile at me.

Ohhhh my lord Betty Peng. Oh yes yes yes yes

Steph Hojsack: how are you so interesting

To My Daughter,

Senior year… this is it! A few months from now, you'll be going through the Van Wickle Gates one more time, and on to the new life that's waiting for you beyond Brown.

First of all, I won't say "Good Luck" this time. At this homestretch of your Brown career, you've already been through every good, bad, and ugly thing that life can throw your way--- and you've always come out all the wiser and better for it. So I know that you'll end up doing what you've set yourself out to do – and do it well – as you always have, time and time again.

But what else can I tell you that I haven't already written for the past three and a half years? They're all too familiar---
I'm so proud of you…
- for growing up to be the beautiful and strong young woman that you are today;
- for having accomplished so much in your young life (at times, more than you realize or give yourself credit for);
- for staying true to yourself and your dream, and for standing up for what you believe in.
And, I love you…
- for simply being my daughter;
- for always thinking of others before yourself;
- for loving me back, not only as your father, but also as your friend.

So, yeah –  I want to THANK YOU, for being such an enormous source of pride, inspiration, and love – not only to me, but also to your family and friends.

Finally, I guess I'll just have to end this post the same way that I always did before--- I LOVE YOU, AND I AM SO DAMN PROUD OF YOU!

Your Brown Dad"

Abid Haseeb:

You were in my creative nonfiction class for a few days and I thought you were really hot and was looking forward to maybe getting to know you but then you left. Ugh. I'll keep on masturbating to you."

Sara as-Salem is a gorgeous, confident, and inspiring girl.

Arushi Jauhari is the best math tutor ever. only reason i didn't get fucked on the first math midterm.

To the burger girl at the Ivy Room -- you are stunning and graceful. Plus you fry eggs perfectly. You should try being a lesbian.

Brian Gilbert, literally fuck me

Amalia Perez, your intelligence and strength fills me with awe, and then you destroy me with your beauty.

Girl in the ivy room with the backwards white brown hat, your beauty takes me away

Jeff Huang could get it.

Chelsea Fernando: I had a job archiving books at the Hay last fall, and sometimes when I would go down to the basement I would see you in the conservatory lab, making books and listening to the Beach boys, always in a blue-and-white striped apron. I saw you for the first time outside the library recently, this time without the apron. You were still beautiful.

Pauline Bagatelas, I have a small crush on you... you're so beautiful. Seriously.

Prae:
I'd help you finish that fruit tart ;)  (side note: Happy birthday)"

Jeremy Wang,

You are chill."

To the cutie who works at the Friedman carts in the afternoon. You are beautiful and I just don't have the courage to ever talk to you. Please tell me you're into guys

Olivia Iles: what are your thoughts on blondes?

Marcus Yeo, although I play it cool, you're so so attractive and super nice

Marley is sooooo cute. Ugh, only reason i come to CS15.

To the Brown University shuttle driver who greeted me with "Bonjour Mademoiselle" and proceeded to talk with me about our mutual love of German shepherds--thank you for brightening my morning. I was having a really tough week but your small act of kindness left me smiling for the rest of the day.

James Cohan is one sexy guy. There's a reason why I always come to his office hours ;)

Will Gregory:

can you balance my checkbook? ;) definitely the sexiest econ TA"

Sukrit Jain:

Voulez-vous coucher avec moi ce soir????????? plu"

Wow, Julia Tompkins, you're stunningly beautiful. I saw you in Marat/Sade, and couldn't take my eyes off you. Wouldn't mind a little general copulation . . . single?

Asya Igmen - You are beautiful.

To the staff of BDH,

I know the entirety of BDH is getting a lot of hate right now but I want you to know that there are alot of us who don't understand why all the staff are receiving hate when in actuality only a few of you saw the article/knew about it pre-print.
And to the rest of you that keep calling it trash, in hating on the whole BDH  aren't you also oppressing the voices of the minority writers that write for BDH?
I understand why there is so much hate for the two articles but I think it's just wrong to shut down everyone who hasn't immediately jumped onto the bandwagon of hating BDH."

who's the hot indian kid in improvidence

Annabeth Burgess - you are unspeakably beautiful. Like one of the most beautiful people I've ever seen. your tattoos give me life

natasha orlando figueiredo - you are so so so beautiful and very very cool :)

In an old house in Paris that was covered with vines
Lived twelve little girls in two straight lines
In two straight lines they broke their bread
And brushed their teeth and went to bed.
They left the house at half past nine
In two straight lines in rain or shine-
The smallest one was Maddy Gaw, who would soon grow up to be a down-to-earth stereotype defying  leader who we all strive to be like.

I admire the strength and quality of your character."

Ben from Em/Woll is a Sexy beast.

Maria Alem,

Every Friday when I see you walk into my Arabic class to TA, my heart skips a beat. Your melodic voice and beautiful eyes take my breath away, maybe that's why I'm doing so poorly in the class. Thank you for being the such an amazing distraction."

To the guy I saw running around campus at 3 AM,
I don't know who you are or why the hell you're jogging at that unholy hour of the morning, but damn, you look fine doing it.  You do you."

Eric Komatsu

I pine for your beard
You have left me bereft
But your clean shaven face is not all that weird
I am still DTF"

(10/15) To the girl who was making quesadillas in Jo's today:

You are amazing. The amount of cheese you put was on point and you made my night.
Thank you."

Hey Impulse Dance Company,

Where do you get those hella tight tracks?

From, an avid fan"

Anya Hong
Thank you for being such an engaging conversationalist. You are always an attentive listener and such an inquisitive speaker. I admire your sincerity and kindness. Please don't change."

Alec Zisson -

I'm so sorry your laptop got stolen, but you can come Netflix and chill at my place ;-)"

Britt Edelen

You give the absolute best hugs ever and you discourse like a bamf. I high-key love you so much. Stay golden <3"

To my trans lecturer-
I admire your strength. Many these days say we shouldn't call trans people brave as it is an axiomatic tenet of their existence-- it isn't brave to fight cancer, it is necessitated by the situation, and I agree. Instead, I note your strength in coming into class with an undying willingness to teach despite the omnipresent whispered rumors and stares that I'm sure you can't help but notice.

In a fucked up way, you've helped me. You've shown me that the time has not come at Brown for me to share that I transitioned in childhood. Sometimes we exchange a glance and I can't help but feel that we have an understanding.  I'm glad that I'm past the part of my life where the whispers about me flowed to any open ear, and I cry inside whenever I think of what would be said about me if it slipped out, in the same way that things are said to me about you, now that I'm assumed cis."

Fatima Husain: You are one gorgeous babe. But not only are you that, you are an amazing individual with such a beautiful soul and wonderful mind. My love for you is boundless and I'll never take you for granite. Love, your secret but not really so secret admirer <3 #geologist #bedrock

To the guy with the undercut and the t-shirt with the green to white gradient who I seem to spot around Barus and Holley a lot: I just hope you're into guys - but one can only dream.

Rishabh Singh - I'm not sure if you remember me, but I've seen you around campus this semester and you're as hot as ever. Got a little time for an old friend? (;

To the cute guy in my philosophy class -- I don't know your name but you sure are nice to look and smile at.

BUDS workers:

You are appreciated. You are loved. I honestly feel so guilty when I get a falafel wrap or something else from the Ivy Room or Jos on a night when I'm about to go do a bunch of schoolwork, because you also inevitably have work to do but you have financial burdens which aren't mine. I WOULD FIGHT A RUDE CUSTOMER FOR YOU"

Rohan Gulati and Daniella Dichter:

Even though your opinions may not be so popular (I myself do not fully agree), I respect you for your views and I hope others do as well."

Lisa Schold is perfect

Alex Abuaita:

You have beautiful eyes. Can I look into them in between sessions of looking at the night sky with you?"

Justice Gaines, you are everything to this campus. We cannot drive along without your fuel. You'll be missed like crazy.

Malia Obama:

I'm so sorry that Brown students crowded in on you like a pack of hyenas jumping on a rabbit. I promise you that the vast majority of people on this campus will treat you with respect and courtesy should you choose to come here."

Sachit Singal:

I wish I could look half as handsome as you."

To Lina Lalwani:

You are an incredible human being. Your kindness, humanity, and honesty is beautiful and so rare amongst people. Brown is so lucky to have a person like you, and I'm so lucky to have met you. You are INCREDIBLE!"

Zack Emrich... booty is fine, fresh and  popping. Damn mid d

Adam Moreno... What do I have to do to get you to try out some of those pole dancing moves on me... In the bedroom...

Aiden Kravitz... Every time I see you with your tussled curls and glimmering puppy dog eyes, I can't help but die a little on the inside. You're the definition is sexy

Natalie Mesa:

You're in one of my classes and I have quite the crush on you. Maybe I'll get your number one of these days ;)"

Aram Martin you are tall dark and handsome like no one else and I cant take my eyes off of you. What does a girl have to do to get with you? Are you single?

Chelsea Fernando: I don't think anyone else here makes the kind of comedy you make. Please keep being thoughtful and powerful and vulnerable and sharp. Please keep telling the truth you are so uniquely gifted in telling. You are sublime. You are a real human being.

All the friends who stay close to me and keep an eye out for me.  I wouldn't have been able to make it this far without you guys, so thanks for sticking with me through all my bad days and idiosyncrasies.   Love you all. <3

Sheena Raza Faisal, I really like you. You are so beautiful, inside and out. I appreciate you in so many ways, and wish I had the courage to tell you in person. But just know that your laugh, smile, and presence brightens my day.

Sheena, you not only have a beautiful soul, but you are straight up gorgeous. I love everything you have to say, and I cherish the moments I see you on campus. I've low key had a crush on you since RPL training, and now that I know you're actively hunting for bae and prepping for cuffing season i'm freaking out.

Bai Ying-Ai:

You are a strong and intelligent woman, don't let that creepy, vaguely sexist douche Gao Wenzhong pull you down. Stay strong."

Amanda Ugorji,

You have the cutest smile and you're always an adorable bundle of joy. I'm glad you study architecture so you can design our future home"

Ferris Lupino,

I'm a lesbian and I've never been more attracted to anyone than I am to you. You're so cute and funny in the strangest way. You know so much about political theory and it's so hot. Be my TA forever please"

As a girl who is tired of random dance floor make outs in the club and boys who assume """"Netflix and Chill"""" means sex, I've taken it upon myself to find an actual Netflix and Chill partner. If you're interested, hmu:

https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1JObhaaclmHd1xUwabZCSWob1VzQ5PXL9eBzZVgFeWok/viewform?usp=send_form"	netflix and chill?
